Meeting Title: Lecture pt.2
Date: Apr 21
Meeting participants: John Strabel

Transcript:
 
Me: Yes, there you go. I see what you mean this time. You have to download your code. Do you have a pro plan? Yes. Okay, so then you go clock. Let me make sure I have. The cloud code exactly because. The main menu of plugins. John is. Right. So very slowly. With another topic. We. Will have a look. At the institution. S. Now. One of the parts of. Sort of. The, I don't know, like a basic content. Of those lectures and seminars will be that you should have like sort of a basic understanding of. The processes. So today we would sort of kick off this topic just by looking at the institutions. Now. The last time when they. Were reading the paper from. The introduction and within the sort of like a historical overview on how the EU developed over time. It was written that since the very beginning there were these sort of institutions which are today like the European commission others. Which are simply having quite some sort of important role. We will have also the European Council meeting simulation. So it would be fair to also get the rasp of how these institutions work today. So a couple of slides, but honestly I will go through it very quickly. You can reach the rest at home and I think for the final exam I will in a way sort of tell you like what is the most important. So first I'm very famous during the. Now when we will. It's literally like obsidian. Like it's like going back to the end. So when we will now speak about. Like what it is actually if you speak of new institutions and your government today. What it actually is. Like there is so many national governments. With so many ministers, with so many national leaders. The point is like okay who actually is in the league of your opinion? Do we as sort of citizens of the European Union directly vote for. The leaders? In your. Institutions. Or not? So the point is. I mean you itself your opinion in itself is type of institution. That's the sort of regional integration area. So institution with you itself. But there are all these sort of substitutions. Most importantly what to remember please. We will talk about the executive. Of the European Union, which is the commission. So European Commission is the executive. So what it means across all the most important topics. Is the executive power to propose different types of legislation. To adhere. That we sort of obey the legislation. There's the legislature. Bodies. Two very important bodies counsel the view. And your. Parliament. Now this is the part where this will get very tricky. In the EU we have three different councils. So. Council of the EU. Is the council where basically ministers. Meet. Then you can have European council. Which is the heads of government. European council is not here. It's like the top itself institution overseeing the strategic development. It has knowledge. The tax of the ministers. Yeah. And then the European parliament. Which are actually ministers of the sort of European parliament members of the European market. Which are directed ultimately. So this is to remember there is the judiciary branch of justice. What we will do, what we will have. We will have the simulation of the European counter. So these are the summits. These are the different meetings of the leaders across the EU. So the European Council is what we will sort of have. And then commission parlor and code of justice. So we got like all of my notes. They started the European console. The body which really is like sort of setting the strategic direction. So if you think now about all the big steps in foreign policy think about future strategies in terms of budgeting. If you think about all the, for example, warrior. If you think of all the sanctions of the P this sort of strategic type of decision making is set by the European Council. Code to change. And just organize it. So all the hex of government. Because he doesn't. Send the head of government. You have. The president. Of the European Council. And this will be one of the roles that we will do in our simulation. So one of you will actually be the president of the European Council. One of you I think will also be president of the European Commission. But the president of the European Council is basically responsible to read the discussion. Because imagine that all the heads of the government get together. And they should come to some conclusion. Like for example what's to do about the next package of sanctions towards Russia. What will be our strategic response to us around conflict. So this will be some sort of strategy decisions. The same goes to the topic of migration which we will cover in our simulation. So the president will be responsible for guiding the discussion to making sure that ideas and opinions from other countries are hurt. He is trying to sort of negotiate some final resulting compromise. Today is Antonio Costa. Yeah a lot of responsibilities. So. That was the European Council. The other body is counsel of the EU. So that's the ministers council. Now imagine that console the U plus European parliament. These are bodies which. To some extent we can say you know they are sort of truly being voted by citizens. To some extent. Because within the counts of the EU, you have the ministers. If in a country like Czechia. We had democratic elections. We voted for the government that we now have. These ministers now go to council of the units and they represent us. To some extent. Either for good or for bad. But your console of the EU is responsible together with the European parliament. To basically negotiate on all the legislative proposals. Which are introduced by the commission by the European Commission. So together with your emparliament, on the legislative act. What is also important, one of the most important is. That they agree on budget. So counsel. Now the European Council. The top priority setting, the European Council. Sets some direction in terms of like what the budget could be for the following years. How to make the budgeting decisions. Then commission proposes the budget. And counsel of the U and European arlament actually improve it. So they are the ones who are important during the process. There is different agendas. So usually. This is like 10 different. Now think about for example if you have environment or if you have transport, telecommunications and energy. So if there is sort of like an energy ministers meeting. You know the minister is responsible for this particular area in each country meets together. So when there is a sudden energy crisis, it means that these are the energy ministers that have to meet like a couple of times per month to actually deal with the crisis. And that's basically the role of the council. That it is sort of the representation. On the national level to some extent by the national ministers. But they still have to think about the overall view and not particularly just their own interest, their national interest. There are also other bodies. Which I don't think we have. To at this point remember. Please, what you could remember. And that's just like one extra sort of fast for you to remember. When it comes to the legislation. Of the EU. The European Commission always proposes. Some sort of. Legislative act. There's a proposal. And these can be different types of legislation. I mean primary legislation that would be treaties. But primary legislation is not dealt sort of on this level. Of these three bodies. What they deal with is so-called secondary legislation. And so secondary legislation. These are all the regulations, directives, decisions. Now do you know, have you ever heard about like what is the difference between regulations and derivatives? Have you ever heard about it? What could be the difference between the two? I just come up some suggestions. For me, regulations seems as a kind of strict rule which you have to like follow and it's requirement that you should follow that. And. It's turning on some recommendations. Which like some kind of countries should follow if they want to, for example, integrate it in you if it is exactly. If you think about energy crisis, if you think about what was happening in the last couple of years. Think about. Energy as being a lot about national security. About security of supplies. So for example within energy policy. It's not that the commission would introduce regulation. So that would be, as you mentioned correctly, that would be like. Basically a prescription like for example what should be your energy mix. In your country? But mostly in energy policy or climate policy. Many of the legislation pieces are directives. So they basically tell you like, well, you should achieve some goal of, for example decarbonization of your energy system. But the way how you achieve it is up to you. So regulation are directly applicable. So they are transposed into national law directly. You have no choice to amend it basically. Whereas the others tagged or the other types of secondary legislation can be amended. They can be sort of transposed with some certain. Now within the council of the EU. There are different ways how you can vote about important stuff. I leave their delay. So, I mean, if someone would be interested, you can look it up. But in many cases, when there are some sort of either regular or maybe big sort of higher importance type of goals. What is wanted is so called qualified majority. And this becomes quite important because it's not only that it has to be some certain amount of state. Because still remember in the council of the EU item ministers. To vote. So basically they represent the country. So it's not only about the number of states, but it's also about the shared population that they represent. So to have the qualified majority, you have to also. Have a vote in favor which represents at least 65% of the EU population. Not only majority of countries, but also majority of people. So the qualified majority voting is something which is relatively important. Because many of the sort of councils vote in this direction that you need a qualified facility. And of course there are some votes where you need anonymity. So you really need all the countries. To be in favor. Now, what is the other role of council of the EU is quite sort of representative, organizational. So it would be good. And this is actually, you can remember this very well. Because council of the EU has always. Like sort of turns of who rounds the thousands of presidency. And within consulting you, we as Czech Republic were so lucky. That. When there was 2009, actually there was a shortage of natural gas because of Russia escalation. And when it went into, we again held the presidency during the Russia escalation of conflict between Russia and so actually two years when there was sort of energy crisis. We were holding the presidency of the council of the eu. So two energy prices, two presidencies. So back then the energy ministers were basically meeting almost every week. Because simply they need to sort of solve the situation. So the presidency, I mean, there is also like the description of it. You don't have to necessarily go into that. The president visited is most about just having like a representative function. Okay. The president of the council basically just leads the meetings and they are responsible for making sure that the discussion is sort of organized. And so it's more or less like representative organizational role. But of course, if you are in an energy crisis, then the representation matters. More. So it was quite interesting to have these presidencies exactly during the two crisis. Now finally. The European Commission. Within our simulation, we will also have here one of you representing your pin commission. This is a photo from Brussels during space. Now we get our Vision as the executive. So we have 27 members. So again each country is represented. Before I showed you that the president of the European Council was Antonio Costa. Presidency within. The council of the EU is given by sort of country. For six months. Presidency of the European Commission is for five years. Now we have pushed love on the layer. Have you heard about her before? Usha underline. So we have now her second mandate. So starting from 2024 for the next five years to 2029. We have the sort of second mandate on the live. So there's 27 members. Each country is represented. They are divided between director of generals. So these are specialized sort of directorates for specific areas. Of. The sort of. Like economy, but you know social and other matters. And they have the main. Role to simply propose new legislation. Assembly proposed what should change and why it should change. So all the new proposals coming from commission. Now here. What's written, I mean wide open to the public. I mean to some extent yes. I mean the communication. How they sort of communicate. All the sort of ideas about what should change about e-legislation. I mean they try to communicate pretty early, pretty openly. So there's a lot of so-called green papers and white papers. Which present sort of. Some possible legislative change. They communicated relatively early. Now do you know, I mean maybe you know some of. The SG and so on. So do you know that here in the EU we have so-called emission trading system. So we do have trading system for all the sort of emissions which are emitted. From mostly large industrial producers. So energy sector. Also energy industry types geochemicals cement. And many others. Now the EDS system, this emission trading system is slowly being sort of reloaded in its sort of ETS 2.0 which will also affect transport and households. Now as an example where I tell you about this is that this ETS system officially came into force and started the first year of. Its operations in 2005. In 2000, so five years before that there was a first so-called paper. Trading system. How it could function, how it could actually work. So it was a big super big political step to introduce this carbon pricing. The EU was the sort of front runner. Even today across the globe there is not that many countries that would have a carbon pricing. Or they have, but the price is very low. And so this was a big step. But it was sort of slowly communicated to the green paper since. 20003 they proposed it. They agreed upon it and it started as a system working in 2005. Now the question is like is five years ago five years in total like. The lead time that gives you and your businesses enough sort of space. To prepare yourself for such legislation. It is relatively sort of course fast paced. And now when you saw like. During the COVID crisis, during the energy crisis. All the pieces of legislation, especially towards climate energy, were introduced negotiated and agreed upon very fast. So it's even increasing in this space. So yeah, I mean. Commissioners from each countries, they do not present the country. They are an executive type of institution. So they only care about the EU as a whole. They don't care about national interest or should not care about it. So this is the European Commission. Now you can also see. All the directorates. So, yeah. Like all the 27 different area competencies. There are also very much sort of specialized bodies within the EC. Many of you should, I hope know your stock. So the official statistical office of the European. So your stump definitely plus in terms of their internal services. There is like would be surprised like there is literally like thousands of people working just within the internal services of your information. So super, super big body. And there are also pretty much specialized agencies. Again, these days what you should definitely hear about is the European defense agency. So this agency now basically brings you. All the data and all the information and all the know-how about how actually defense spending is doing. Where we like the most in terms of different spending. So these are some specialized agencies to be aware of. It will not be any part of the exam, but it's just good to know that they exist. Then you have your empowerment. Now this one is, I mean. The seed, the original c is boring. And also in Brussels. European parliament. Is finally an institution where we citizens actually directly vote our representative. S. So again for five years we have five year service mandates. And when we were now discussing previously the check government. And who is actually representing us now during these months. We discussed that there are these sort of anal party together with motorists from SPV. And actually for example before the new government was formed. One of the sort of like. Most sort of important protagonists of these motorists. Filled it to that. Was actually member of the European power man. So we had the opportunity to vote directly. Who will represent us in the European parliament? And actually because there are. Sort of regions. Which very much were in support of this Mr. Durek from opera style. We ended up with having him within the European parliament. But basically the role of these electres is slightly different than within national party systems. So as you can see like after brexit once the UK left the EU. There is still more than 700 members of the European parliament. Directly elected. Now they represent the citizens. Again together with counsel update u the most important thing is to improve new legislation within the trial law. I will mention it later. And to approve the budget. These are the sort of most important part. S. Mandate. Now you don't see probably the numbers. It's quite tiny. You can have max 96. Members of the European parliament per country. So in Germany it's 96 that's the top. In Czechia it's 21 over here. So each pantry has a different number of their representatives. Now again we don't see the details but you don't have to now. When you vote directly for someone, for example from the multi step article, you do not vote for him. To represent motorista in your environment. In the European parliament. The members are divided into fractions. So just please remember. Despite. Here it's usually presented in a way that you vote for a member for example motorist type RT. That's how it's marketed. But in reality once they are in the European parliament. They become not representatives of their national party but of European fraction. And these European fractions are basically consisting of multiple parties on the sort of national level. They get together create refraction. And that's how then they are divided. So in the last boat in 2024. There is a next slide. There was. On the first spot European staple party. That's like the winner of the 2024 elections. They had over here 24% And these fractions then basically are representing the citizens. But these fractions are not equal to national partners. By the way. We've heard very interesting fact about. How many people actually went and voted in the hammering international elections now which was close to 80% I mean it never happens when you check the check the outside. 60% that we're lucky. How many for example if you think about. This 2024 elections into European parliament. For example what share of Czech population do you think. Went and voted for anyone? For anyone? So who actually really went vote for the European farm on elections 4 5 2 so who think it was like between 0 and 10% Who thinks it's like 10 to 30% So it was it was between 10 and 30. In case of czechia it was I think around 20% I mean sometimes it's like 18. Sometimes it can be 28 so usually it fluctuates. But there are not that many for example Eastern European countries where you would see like a large turnaround. In these. In these. Boats. People usually don't really care about it. Much. And how is percentage in two cultures happening. How it happened that checker has like between 10 and. How it's regulated like this person like hubbles and bows. It's not really regulated. I mean you truly have like. A traditional type of a campaign. But actually. For sort of multiple reasons. Many of the parties are not truly incentivized to spend that much on it. So despite there are these elections ongoing many of the parties simply don't promote it that much. And the other thing is that simply people feel that European parliament is too distant. Because they don't feel it's of their national interest. So usually you get very long turnaround. And it's not only like mistake of the people. It's also just. The way how. This actual elections are marketed. So people have in general very low interest in European politics. Like honestly if you go now and ask randomly 1,000 people. Like. Whether they know for example. When there was for example the last election in the European parliament. Or when they asked them when there will be the next. Vote into your pen parliament. Like honestly I think maybe you get one person people responding correctly. The others usually don't care. And it's not like mistake it's just how it is. European politics is rather the distance. And we tend to speak less of European parliament and more about European commission. Because commission is like the institution. To which I mean you can blame a lot of things. If people don't like what's happening on the e level commission is here to blame. Make sure it's in full picture. This is one of the slides that you should remember. So please remember this you have these three main bodies. So on the top there is the European Commission. So that's the executive. Boursch von der Leyen. President for five years now her second Monday. There cannot be this third mandate I think two is the maximum. Correct. Now she was voted and directly sort of elected by European parliament. So we as citizens we do not directly vote for the president of the European Commission. But it sort of made indirectly. Because theoretically. We should be responsible for who we wrote into who we vote for. To get into your parliament. And those representatives are involved in for the president of the European Commission. So we do have only. Our direct vote. Going into parliament. Indirectly in that case. We also are responsible for who is voted and elected president of the. Commission. And lastly we are kind of represented in the council of the. View by the ministers. So again. We voted for our government. And so then the ministers of the government do represent us within the council. Directly. But the only direct representation is through the European parliament. Now this is why these free institutions, the executive power, the commission and the two colleges. Parliament and council. That's why when they negotiate about legislation, the process, it's called try walk. So there are the three institutions. That shape your legislation. Through a process called trialog. And you can always. Have, I mean I can maybe show you. Like. A legislation or in general like law. Domain the same way as I am. What is good about the promotion and communication of all the registered exchanges happening in the year. There is something called legislative train schedule. So this is relatively cool in a way that. If you simply wants to know. How some law is being discussed. For example if there's a, I told you that there is this 28th regime. Which is a very fresh proposal. From the commission. You can simply open. The proposal that legislative proposal. You can simply look for all the news which are updated. You know almost like on a monthly basis let's say. You can always see how this piece of legislation is developing over time. You can always find the positions of all the bodies. So here you can see that there is, it's a very fresh piece of legislation. So when it comes to some basic research activities, you know all the information like oh what's the 28th regime could bring. So all the research activities are 2026. Now here the proposal itself. Has been only introduced. While we need to March 202. 6. So here you can always find exactly what is happening. And so this is quite. I would say useful. So this is quite useful to get to know. What is the stage of this negotiations. Now there are also many other institutions. We don't necessarily have to go through that. Just please be aware of one of the most important institutions. I mean if we leave sort of this legislative. And executive roles. The other institution to truly remember is the European Central Bank. We have a couple of 20 euro area countries. Having euro. You remember the last time we discussed that there is this sort of mongol flannel tremol. You simply cannot have all those eight parts of the triangle. So central bank and sort of independent. Monetary policy is something that countries joining your area basically develop. So you have then the European central bank to be responsible for all those sort of monetary policy decisions. Now do you know from your basic econom classes. Like if someone asks you like what is the primary goal of a central bank? It doesn't necessarily have to be European central bank. But almost all central banks across advance or even developing countries have one single primary goal. Would you know what that goal is? Who's copying those records? Tupperware occurs. What else do you think? Controlling? Anything else? Tunes into a space. Unemployment rate and like less than four percent. There. Any other idea? Most probably across the advanced developing countries. The truly primary goal is really to tame the inflation. So price stability. That's like the primary goal. Usually secondary care sharing goals will be exactly like. Stability of exchange rate economic growth and employment. But the primary goal is to simply. Stability of price level. So you have inflation targeting as one of the basic. Sort of mandates of central bank. To simply be sure that you have some inflation target. In the eurozone and in many countries this is 2% So you have your inflation target of 2% Which you try to then with interest rate changes. Through other mechanisms to try to sort of stick to this inflation target. So yeah today Christine Lagarde is the president. It's based in Germany. So this is like a description of your central bank. It has also its bod. Ies. You don't have to remember that. Okay. I mean I will upload it. You don't have to. Know. Many remember in the very first slide I also told you that there is the judiciary part. Of the sort of key institutions. So that was legislative power was council of the EU and the parliament executive power commission. Judiciary power is the court of justice. If you sort of. Have law, you have to adhere to that. Court of justice is here in Luxembourg. To basically solve all the disputes to basically adhere to make sure that sort of people and businesses and countries adhere to the you all. So court of justice again is represented by. Members from each. Country. Plus they have of course multiple other physicians. Of people being employed at court and doing all this stuff around. Court of justice. Is a place where. Especially some of. The, I mean imagine you know hungary imagines. A lot of cases which end up by court of justice may come from these countries which maybe has sort of like a lower adherence to rural flaw, freedom of media and freedom of speech and so on. Thus there is also your import of auditors. That's what you would be probably more interesting. In your studies. Unfortunately we are maybe less interested in that within this course. But I just gave you one slide that it exists. But it's of course. So now. Please. The quick therapy. I will upload this presentation. Visually sort of. Character. When you learn about this. Free institution. That's the most important part to know. So. I can also within I'll tell you and then we can wrap up and go. I will also make a show you. Present. Ation, the other. Presentation. Before I do that. So. For the simulation European Council setting all the priorities, you will also have your information. I will now quickly showing you what to expect within the simulation. Because we need on Thursday. And once we meet here. We will go through the let's topic process. Because that would be like extra slides if not the necessary to do it today. But we will go through. The process itself. And so these. Institutions will be key to understand. So the European Council itself is about these prior to decisions. We will do it like this. We have to simulation next week. On Thursday I will give you all the notes because I will probably print it. I will actually print you the material. That will be like the key for you. I will also upload it online. And I will go through some sort of very close guidance on how this simulation will run. So that will be the sort of first thing almost because we will do it on during the first class next week. Now what will be our task? You will receive the notes on Thursday. You will be responsible to choose a country. We will have one of you and you can already consider who would like to maybe take this responsibility. One of you will. Play role the president of the European Council. We will probably have one of you in the role of president of the European Commission. And then the rest of you. So it means 10 countries. Each of you will be responsible to pick one single country. You will have the notes for the country from me. So you will have the basic nodes. But you will still be responsible between Thursday and then the 27th. So Monday probably you will be responsible not only to read the official position which I give you, but also any type of news, any type of media articles that you find. About the specific case. So you will do your sort of individual research. Yeah, just try to understand it, prepare some arguments. The point would be. As a country. You have your position. You have some goals which are most aligned with your national interest. Now before we have the simulation parsley, we should not really discuss it. The point is. Here what we need. We will have to press them to start this sort of council meeting. And you will present your position, your country positions. Now based on what you hear, what others people would like to achieve. You can already think of like. Actually which country could I pick to form a polish? Because maybe their position is very close to mine. So you will be basically responsible to think about like who you could sort of partner with. Build some coalition and so on. So before we come here keep this position for yourself. Then you will have the room here to basically hear position of others to discuss it. And then during that simulation you will have the opportunity to have also like a sort of informal meetings to discuss this cooperation. And basically the goal is that the president. And plus the president of commission. They should come up with a solution that will be a compromise that will somehow. Reflect your national positions. And it's up to you whether you're so good that you will have coalition so strong. That you will maybe be able to push as many national interests. Forward. Than it would be possible if you just wanted to do it on your own. So yeah, you will just use multiple sources of information. And there will be quite the sort of important role of the president. Plus the president of European Commission who is basically responsible then for maybe proposing the final piece of legislation. So within the counseling meeting you should discuss and agree on priorities. What the new maybe legislative act could include. And the European Commission protocol president would then be sort of responding to really make it happen. So now on Thursday. We will discuss which country you pick. I will give you the notes. I will also upload it online. Please be aware. I will also. Yeah I will also highlight it on Thursday. It will have some sort of schedule how to do it. I will tell you more. That's one thing I would deflect is. We will have this simulation. And then. After one week. You will be just given some extra time. With weekly summarize the sort of outcome. Of the simulation. And basically write down your national perspective. For that country of your choice. Write down like a short summary. How successful you were basically to achieve or not to achieve your national goals. So you will have one extra week to prepare this output. Match the pages. Okay. It's not about the length of the article. It's just. To summarize the most important points. If it's just one single page I would be very happy actually. So this is like a short summary. Of what the head. On Thursday we will discuss not the institutions but already the process. How do you legislation is being sort of created? Okay. Are there any questions? Similar to 