Meeting Title: Lecture
Date: Apr 21
Meeting participants: John Strabel

Transcript:
 
Me: Like for 15 minutes, but let's hear whatever use your. App. So basically, my. Wish from the last. Yeah, these are. More than was the. Longest. Garden. That we're out. Of all. Of. Straight elections if you want to lost. Why it matters and who won? Actually, there was 44 years old lawyer. So let's proceed to. So 16 years to us covering in the company. Then 141 steps is the amount of. Sin that amounts of. Place to stuff. Then you. Polic. Y. Party one. Actually. To a little bit. Understand the situation 100 and beyond the new. 2000 econom. Y. 13. 3. To change the Constitution. So we have absolutely. 79.6 is the amount of people out of those who couldn't come to. Our team. I should. Do. It is the highest ever in post communist hungry after the 1989 and 15 points is the range is the gap between the T cell party and the party in the diaspora. So they. Want. Like. This in U prime minister pattern. What is funny is that matter actually translates as the hunterian. So the hungarian actually. What is actually flying two years ago in capital. And after child abuse candle in 2024, he, he was actually an ex. Of the justice. He was. The ex-husband of a justice minister back then. So he left the party and he came to the small party, tisa. And then two years he brought CISA to like a winning the country elections. What is different from orbe? He actually scroll you. He wants to unlock the 18 billion viewers. Frozen funds. He. Is against the corruption. He pledges to prosecute the fidestraft. Then he wants to cut ties with russian gas and all that russian ties. He promises to join euro zone till 2030. To then what is similar to urban. He actually opposes fast tracking ukraine into the european union. He is still weighing on lgbtq rights and all of that. And he says that he'll lift Russia sanctions right after the war stops. Here is their positions. So basically in europe, my dad has chosen europe. He aimed at. Urban fat Brussels and all. Like many questions. Then to Russia, 14th or the top alley of putting in the for ukraine. Urban block 90 billion of aid package and whether he will lift it up. So it wouldn't. It will went through. It will go through. And at home the hungry was the only european country with sanctioned because of corruption and madara. He actually says that he will fix that. And he also wants the free press because open controls press and the rule of law reform. Then the neighbors and what will happen to the neighbors. So for ukraine we are actually trying to remove it because he was the loudest of like ally of continued in the european union. He will drop urban sweet to 90 billion. Package. For Slovakia. Actually the prime minister fiso is now the only. Closest throw rush and li in the reviewer continuing. Fitzo is now the only program in the european union. For sure beyond which it congratulated major first, but then he pushed that because major said that serbia is a part of russian sphere. And the armenia. There are ethnically 1.2. Million or millions. Who live in romania. And he said that he's external policy. We'll be following their possessions and. That's it. All I wanted to say is that it is a fairy tale. We still don't know what will be next. He is still back on big issues. And we'll see what happens. Next. That's it. Cool. Thank you very much. So I guess. And. I mean this was like a really good present. Ation. So I mean if you keep it to the same level. I'm very much happy. Okay. I love it. So that was really good. Maybe one extra question when you did this research. Have you also considered like what's the reaction here in Czechia? Like for example if you see babeshaw. I've had this actually before. It and cloth said that there was a block of three countries supporting russia and somehow he decided that che is also the party of this production book. But I removed it because I think that prime minister babish and a couple of his like wordings, I'd say is not like the position of the whole. Yeah cool any other opinion? About this. Have you heard about like check policy makers on how they are for example seeing this sort of pro-russian stance of hunger. Is I heard there's kinda divided groups in Czechia who supporting prime minister babish and president pavel. And the main idea is that babish who is like multi-millionaire or like even more the businessman who is kind of far away from politics actually and it's more likely all you are who wants to run the country and that's why like the population of Czechia mostly like supports present too much. But it's also kinda like curious if still like population does not agree that much how it happened that he still won the election. But I mean it's not new thing for us because we live in Georgia we have also like not like technical but still owner who rules the country and even though like as we Georgians do not support like running the country and we're losing elections in this way. So but as I know like properly supporting like the situation who we're in right now. And also it's like here there was some protesting product maybe one week ago about agency flow. So when you receive one from international purposes you need to register something. People here was much more active compared to Georgia. So the same things happened maybe in Georgia two years ago. But population didn't do anything. I mean we protested it but we knew it. If you want to tell our listener very much. That's another yeah we can dedicate like this special session. Now I mean you are right in the sense that. I think that Czech citizen so far are able to mobilize to some extent. I think especially now if you see the published government and then yeah like so on. Like you have this very specific situation that immediately like before Trump became a president because during his presidency he's able to increase as well relatively better than before. And so before trump became president for the second time babish was actually a wealthier person than Trump. Actually not sure whether you know about it. But except for Russia. And except for I think. Romania maybe like two other countries. Czechia has the highest inequality level in europe. We have a very high inequality because we also have quite some oligarchs from the past, babish being one of them. But the position is very weird because you have someone like babesh who gets you know popular votes by sending money to elderly people. And you have, I mean he will not be able to put together the government. So he had to collaborate with okamura and all these sort of relatively sort of extremist parties. Plus the new motorist parties. So it's like a quite special assembly of policy makers. But I think citizens are still able to sort of march against these now proposals which are on the table. Actually said I'm not completely agreeing every in regard of like for testing for gentle people for tested as hard as they could. Situation is that just government doesn't care anything with you. They are just. People are in prison people are like injured everything just they don't care. So it's like every layout. Like a year every day there was a protest, let's say non separate. It's just I don't know like that depends a lot of people like 10 million plus and also there's different like population in the like crypto city frog has more proposal big problem. It just never works anymore lately and yeah then that's the problem. The hype of the protest in Georgia that the max amount of people who were producing in the search was like 300,000 of them and it's not easy mostly people are not like information and agrocapital city because even though we don't have that much bubble and phenotype like assets in social media and everything still I mean so much people I mean Granville also I had like how much actually publishes like progression because I've heard from some Czech people that accepted that much too forward. It's more like about this politics rather than. Very much to say that yeah yeah they're going to be huge because I've heard because that was my joke that I said maybe it's my curse because I left Georgia because ruling Georgia I left for best bet of future and then I'm coming here and again we are near progression and it was like a joke from my side kind of and then I've heard some kind of ideas that it's not that much actually for example as it's happening in Georgia. It's now already pro-russia like Russia is definitely just over in Georgia snow or just colleagues maybe actually so maybe you can comment on it like for example that was the reason like why you deleted you know Czechia from this sort of advice clause you know like many people say that somebody likes the chaos really protectionist kind of but I think that they wait no offense I think that they're all people the same not because they're Ukrainian or Russian or something just because people are coming and they're like building their own network not speaking chat and all of that. So the problem is not in Russia or in print I think the problem is. Generally yeah it's a bit yeah because I really wondered to know because basically right now we're here so it was really something that I wanted to know how much is the promotion or really the problem that Czech people see in him and yeah I got some answers some claim that they brush some not that much maybe not against as well too much I would say I would say it goes like sort of step by step so you are to hungry, you see the monster production stands in the previous government then you go to Slovakia it's slightly less direct supports to Russia but it's for Russian then you go to czechia it's not like for Russian but there are some slight tendencies so it's like stage by stage from slow I feel that the problem with garbage is that he's just like you know. Like russian gas is cheaper than any other test and that's why he's like saying that not because he loves rush or teacher from someone just because it's like it's it's nice for the country the cheaper gas and all that I mean first he's businessman so he does much let's say more or less pragmatic decisions regarding all these things like when it comes to all the public procurement when it comes to purchase of gas and oil when it comes to EU funds so the point is he's not pro-Russian but simply if there are opportunities he wants to just use them to the sort of best extent possible. We cannot go and he will never ever do anything that would go directly against the EU because there are the new funds flowing. So it's not I think about babish and the hono party but it's mostly about those tiny sort of extremist parties because there is this sort of PD like. Quite extremist party to some extent. By some. Way of. Sort. Of collaborators. And that's where you find some people who are actually rather. Open the progression. They have a lot of they have a relative. Dense. Network of. Different. Sort of. Advisors. Who. Actually have direct. Connections to Russia. So it's publicly known but I mean no one now. I can't do anything about it. And of course there are these parties like these motorists or like the third party than the government. And they are not really like pro-russian but they simply have such rhetorics as like well we don't care about rationale it's just great with them that's just you know you solve the possibilities as possible. Like we just hang across those efforts. That's like the mother is part. So it's not openly production I think the. Publish government. Is relatively reserved when it comes. To many. Of the. Sort of. Pro-russian. Rhet. Orics coming from the other two parties. But yeah. I mean. Now we have on the table. Like two or three. New. Like kind. Of. Low proposals. Some of. Them seems to go in the steps of. Sort of. Demographic backsliding. So some of. It seems that. The. New propos. Als target some. Sort of media freedom. It seems that some of these proposals seem to be sort of pushing back all the finances for non-governmental organization. Just yesterday and this was really funny to me I mean it's funny to me but it's actually like quite a situation. That there is this like one of the most sort of the biggest the oldest you know charles university. Like the most tradition and it's like the, I would say from the university to like the highest level. And just yesterday. With the foreign minister. He just commented online somewhere in. Some interview that at the trials university they have a course which is about climate activism. And part of this course is to prepare a sabotage. To prepare a protest. For example. Like how you can protest against oil and gas if you go and try to block the highway. And like I was like looking at it like okay this was truly in their syllabus truly included in the curriculum like what you get to learn. And matching a commented on it saying like well it seems like the charles university is sort of like helping to raise like new wave of sort of like ecoterrorists. And he went and he not only kept it for ecoterrorists but he sat truly terrorists. And so this is now like. From this sort of motorist parties. And he's our foreign minister representing us. In like. Abroad. And we have a president who. Served NATO for like 30 years. He wants. To multiple. Boards. And. Multiple. Missions around the world. And so we have a president who is longstanding you know respected personality. And now for example when there is a lot of summit and sort of nato wants to have again. Like the annual summit doesn't want to send the president because it's the competence of the government. To decide who will go and who will not. So they said like well petro pavel our president will not go and matching this guy as a foreign minister will go. And so it's like a situation like you I mean we cannot technically do anything about it. Honestly we don't have to in the sense that well it's just recording the rules. I mean. Government can decide they are demographic they don't like the government. So nothing is wrong here. It's just some people will have to feel like that well this is simply wrong. But. It's the subject of healing might work wrong or not at the moment. But if there would be any such law. About to pass then I think it would get much more serious. But now it's just speculation. And I mean I for example. I don't know like what's your perspective like coming from the US. But of course you see now these debates about relations you know and so on. So I don't know like what's your perspective on this from you know coming from the us like watching how for example from trauma trump against how this administration in the us develops. I can kind of share my opinion I was. Like kind of shocked I would say because I didn't even think it was like an option on the table to begin with. Because for me the foreign policy was always like EU has been our friends and trade in NATO has always been really important. At least that's what I learned throughout my classes and how important NATO was for after world war two and stuff. I don't know if you have anything different. No, I mean I think it's like overall it's kind of short-sighted and I think that need to keep global trade open. So because now like I mean there are so many things happening so let me. For us it's not even possible to observe all the things happening in the EU. So for example what we know about the US is just like a couple of headlines in the media so that's just also not related format. But like here in the EU now the point is like yeah I mean NATO is. Me. Sort of at the brink of some revolution. Let's see what happens with NATO. If Ukraine was in a NATO and in the EU how would the war develop would it even start in Ukraine now and so on. So like so many questionnaires. You had some more comments about something or. No I kind of hit like a question more about this foreign agent law. I mean it's here to have this angle because in Georgia we have this narrative that it's like we don't even call it foreign agents but we directly call it Russian law. Because like we felt like it was like motivation from them so we would have that loss so we won't get any funds from you from us from anywhere else. So only possibility that we would have our own the control that we will have something. So we directly call it just a brush a lot. Here same happening was a little bit yet. Strange some of your why would this thing should be happening here? Or. No well this is this is mostly because you have both the parties SPD and other wrists who are very much opposed to non-governmental organization activities. And babesh is in a position that I mean they're sort of like if there wasn't a speedy and motorist you wouldn't have it so easy to form a government. They save him because he's protected by the law. That. They will not allow any sort of true investigation into his activities so he's protected by the law now and this is because he got the vote from SPD and. Motorists. But SPD and motorists also get something back which is they are now some of the sort of new like legislative proposals are prepared by them. Not by an authority. And so this goal of it was to simply. Just get rid of as many NGOs as possible. The problem is I mean honestly it will not do much to those NGOs which they aim to get rid of. Because those which they consider like terrorists and so on. These are NGOs which are usually financed from 95% abroad. So they don't get much finances from the national budget. And they get actually their revenues from very much I mean respected institutions abroad. So even if such foreign agent law would pass, I mean they will not find anything suspicious because it's already today it's very transparent these NGOs are very transparent in the way how they get money. They are very transparent in a way who is actually contracting them. So they will not get much from this. But since they push back on the total budget for NGOs. It will actually end up killing many just like. Child leisure activity type of NGOs. Because they get quite a lot of finances from the government budget so it will actually have an impact on many of these organizations which don't really have anything to do with any sort of rhetorics that they aim to target. And then yes it is also targeted at universities. Because they are not, I mean the SPD and motorized. They are not satisfied basically with what type of commentaries some of the university leaders here. And that's the case like why now for example this foreign minister attacked quite openly that charles university. So it's like. I don't know let's see what happens. Well we have actually. Some sort of from the perspective of yesterday new guys joining us. So if I could just ask you yesterday we did like a pre-round of introduction. So I would be just curious because. I mean we will have these classes on your economic integration. I mean finances. So this is probably. The first type of such report that you have. But it's already at the end of your studies. So you're finishing your master thesis. So I'm just curious like what you focus on in terms of your studies. Where you already are about you know submit the thesis of the topic. Did you have anything about the European policies? In some sort of classes before or not? So we're just curious. We will have these four weeks together. I work for, I mean I'm a PhD student here at university. I work for checking that. And yeah, I do focus on the industrial. Ones. So we just here quickly from you so I just know first of all from the I am doing my thesis also about some repeat integration. Subtopic actually. But it's more regarding wages and compensation across the European Union. The differences between the policies taxation systems. Employers organization system. So it is actually a mix of European integration but more systematically. And financially regarding wages and compensation for employees. Okay. And that's the focus on my study after doing that for as a final analysis of data. So yeah I've heard before that you wanted to work with Strata. Yes I already had to use VPN and keep the disconnect. Yeah, so I'm going to purchase it. And I have it like for one year now or 15 euros. Yeah. I got access like one single license for myself. And I also have it like the end of the game for like. I don't know. It's five years lifespans. For the sort of whole PhD period. But I was like probably the only one who was fast enough to ask for it but otherwise the licenses are very restricted. Like. It's almost impossible to get. Started. But yeah, I'm using it for my. Data. Cool. That's nice. Yeah. Cool. Let's hear from you. Can I just check because I know I mean if I remember correctly. And. Actually how should I call you parents? Excuse me friends. My thesis on financial assets price reaction to macroeconomic missiles. So not necessarily about policy. Okay, so you do something about analysis like with your text data and okay. Cool. So I think guys maybe more of you because I think we had some. Also working on the sentiment data. That's quite the. Hot topic. So that's nice. Have you ever had anything connected to your policies? There's sort of subject here at the university. I don't think so. Maybe. First semester economics. And something like you related but not so much. And by the way do you plan to sort of like stay and work here in Czechia or is it just like a stop and go somewhere else across the euro once you're done with the university? For me it's just open door. I just have a scholarship. My scholarship was mandatory to do outside of the netherlands. Yeah. So I had no choice to stay there. And I just jumped strong. So now after a couple of months I'm going back home because you work there actually. How about you? Depends on the opportunity if I do get a chance yet I don't need to have this. Yeah. Okay. So now let's just do one extra step. So friends there is a task that student has to have like a five minute news presentation about what's happening in the EU. And I know that you are almost finishing our thesis. So I just wanted to give you an option when you would like to present this short news. The news itself is of your choice. So I just put here like list. Most people want to do it as soon as possible. So it's up to you. For example you can still do it this week or next week. You can think about it now and before we go home. I will just need to write you down somewhere. Cool. Thanks we're all here. I would still want to finish the discussion on debates. So again I have to shortly repeat because we were not all here yesterday. Yeah. So one of the sort of most important part of the activity point that you will collect in the semester. Is to run the bank. I said that we will have teams of at least three students. Maybe four or if you want to you can have like a big group of five students. And you will have a topic either from the list which I view or you can come up with your own topic. And you will basically have a debate within this team for like 45 minutes. There will be always two sides of argument. Because the topic should be relatively sort of polarizing. So one side in favor the other side against. Plus moderator who will run the debate. So again now today I would like to just make sure that we have the groups. So either now we can consider who you would join or let's hear from others also. But now the question to all of you have you already considered teams? And the topics probably. Okay. So let's go one by one. Okay, so how would you do it? Topics not exactly. We have some debate already about topic but not we don't have like anal decision because we're also thinking about groups. Should it be like super cool or five but we wanted to do. Okay. Yeah okay I will maybe even put this together. There will be three kind of debates or eight but. Three people on. It would be it would be three debates interval. And since it's like 12 of you in total I mean like yes exactly. Could be more so as it can do more. I can enjoy it. What is the topic that you decided? No we were thinking within each other. In detail. But maintenance you can see. Visual what would be the other group because I saw some hands in the back. And then live. At sea heart as well okay yeah. There would be like people like five do like that one was the right number. And so and so the last group can I join you all four together? Yes, they sure why not? Use public service receipt. Now please regarding the topics I can go back to the introduction. We already have a team who wanted to have the enlargement concept that you enlargement. Now it's about the other two teams whether you have a topic you choose directly like to have or you can still consider coming up with your own idea. It should be just relevant for this sort of from the EU perspective. From the perspective. Of economic integrations. So there was sort of democratic. Perspective topic. There is regime which is business oriented perspective so it's. A proposal of a law that should make it easier for businesses to operate in the EU according to like the common law. Okay and actually checking that yesterday we downloaded the articles but I'm not quite sure if we have the details as well that you're presenting if it's able to have it yesterday yes I uploaded it I think in the morning. So the 28th regime that's like a business oriented type of proposal. Then there is the topic on competitiveness so like you know high labor cost high energy cost. Are we able to produce you know the high tech you know frontier technology or not so that's a question about some competitiveness compared to China and west and so on. Or the final topic adoption of your own. Because I mean as we discussed like there are a couple of countries still like check the hero that some of them but I'm not yet sure what. So you can consider. Sale today topic you would like to have can I ask you one more question? Yes as we divide it in three groups in the debate like first group presents like mundane in the third week or like how it should be. Separated. Yeah I think I have it okay. So. Ideally I think we would do it in a way that if you the third week when we have all the debates we will basically always start off with the debate from the very beginning when. We're still kind of fresh. So we would always do it one by one. Yes I won't be here on the seventh. Team three if we can reorganize or something so we can just shift you I mean but you're not here only on the side seven to eight okay but on fourth and six yeah that's okay so yeah I will just move your group. To the first sort of two slots from a little path. So we would do it just one by one each session one debate I mean the debate itself is like 45 minutes that you kind of organize in your group but then we can have any sort of follow up once we're finished so it can take. The whole anything like this. So that's the debate and since we already repeat all this stuff I will just show it to friends because. This is maybe what you did in here before. So there is 50 points from activities that you collect plus 50 points from the final exam. So you have to have minimum at least 30 points from those activities and 30 points from the exam. Debate is for 2 points that's why it's quite important I mean since written outputs are losing value so debate is the only way how to sort of make sure we get some some sort of feedback and discuss not in a way. We will have a simulation European console simulation plus some sort of other in class activities which I will always tell you in advance that will give you another 20. Active impact participation for five points is just I mean I would just like to hear your thoughts from time to time so here 5 or 0 news presentation is supposed to be heard today like this. Final task open essay questions so we've already made sure at the beginning. So also if because I think for instance here. We just agreed. That we will have option this I hate these dates formats. I don't work with excel I work with art or stata and I just hate this so it will be on on. Monday 18. Th so it's the very first day of your sort of exam period. Monday 18th. When I ask you while I put one last question when I can see the red yes I'm listening it's just a bit confusing like the information there's like three blocks right in each debate. Like five ten minutes and those three blocks I will have some kind of guideline how it looks like of the blocks or we should improvise by ourselves. Now I mean I leave it to you. I. Can show you. What I mean. Guess like. Today. We just don't do any sort of. Materials like fundamental stuff we. Would just discuss all these things. So what I mean by these blocks. I mean it will be part of your task to divide the word right so let's say usually. You. Have. Something sort of like introductory statement or like sort of opening statement. Where. You basically. Should just sort of as a moderator you should simply think about well maybe I will give them really like five minutes for their opening statement. Maybe only three minutes it's up to you how you think it will be the best. So I mean the first buck usually should be just to give the floor. For some openings. Okay. You hear both sides. You as a commentator can comment on it I mean you can maybe once the round is finished maybe you can have some follow up question in detail. Then in the second block usually I mean you should have some sort of attack like your bundle start. Out where you simply have your position for example I'm in a position against some new proposal so you should sort of attack the one who is in favor of that. There is usually some sort of the deck part. Third. Block would. Be the def. Ense. So. You are. Then responsible. You. Hear the back. Of the other part. You give your own. Attack but you still don't def. End and. Only in the first. Round you know. You can sort of defend yourself. These. Are. Usually the blocks plus of course then you know there should be some sort of. Like a closing. Statement. I mean so. Select. Your first three. Part. I mean those. Are the three. Broths. Which I think should be where you show that you understand the topic. The closing statement is just like okay. What what is the outcome of. The debate so the closing statement could be like maybe one minute from each side but those three parts are those important where you show that you understand the topic. Now. When we have those themes. For example we already have the new. Enlargement. Of player view. So. I will leave this to you and this is for each team. I leave this to you how you divide the work. I simply want one of you to be moderator one of you in favor of even large men one of you against you enlargement. So this is up to you how you divide your roles. The point is I mean when you prepare. All the sort of subjectivity goes sort of out. So even if you all agree with you enlargement still one of you has to sort of defend like why it's actually not really a good idea. So all the sort of subjectivity goes out and you have sort of defense. Whatever you are given in that. Thing and this goes for all the teams. Always sort of think about your position now I think. If we put it together we can with the other teams maybe we will already know today or maybe on Thursday like what's topic you would like to do. So then I will maybe ask each group on Thursday to just give me a hand whether you've already decided about how you will divide your work maybe you will already know like actually what would be some sort of guiding questions for your device? Like two free questions around which you want to shape the debate. So this will be when sort of week we do all this sort of preparation once we need. I will basically just sit down shut up I will just leave it to the moderator to just guide us through all the debate. It will be relived upon her name to decide how they run it. If they for example give floor to someone to ask a question after the debate or not. Any questions? So this was a lot of organizational stuff. But at least we have it. So I will just ask. The faculty members of your faculty members to make sure to move the room for us on the 18th we start on board anyway. Now very. Very very quick repetition. One extra before we have a break. So today yesterday we had a look at a paper. From from 2011. On you know some original thoughts on economic integration of the la basa. And so this is the only sort of through output which you should. Really remember from the first. Part. Or the first lecture. And that's the sort of stages okay of the economic integration. Now before we have the launch of no match for like dinner break I don't know. Just quickly to repeat okay we discussed that the european started already with the idea. That they want to do more than just a free trade area. The original idea of the EEC the European economic community was to already aim for some sort of you know common market but more or less already. Aiming for some economic and for legal. In the future. Whereas there was this other body this this simple European free trade area which is like the other seven or how many countries. Which actually only wanted to pursue a free criteria? And throughout the history throughout the decades it's been very obvious. That. Going further. In the integration process was pretty much useful. In terms of how these economies were able to develop. How they were able to actually increase their sort of trade opportunities. And everything. And then there was also this thing about. The period of time when globally. There was sort of like you know end of the breton system. So end of the gold standard and fixed exchange rate to the dollar. So countries within the European Union basically wanted to also pursue some integration in terms of the money in terms of you know the sort of like. One union one money type of goal so actually that was why the European monetary system was launched. And that was just a fixed exchange rate across countries of the then you. Slowly aiming to adopt your offer. So in the future so from 1999 we officially have euro in the eurozone or euro area countries. So now at the moment EU is not really political union. It's not it's not even federal type of reunion as the us is. It's sitting on the sort of economic union type of formation. So we have some of course actually many policies which are common to all countries. We have a common foreign policy. Across many other countries we have from a monetary policy. But for example in czechia. We still have our independent central banks to have our own currency. So it's like. Economic union in the making. Okay in terms of the economic monetary union from your business perspective one of the most important things now what is being discussed is that especially because we are losing in terms of some competitiveness to the us everyone is now discussing when we should sort of create or try to launch capital markets in the. End because simply if there is a startup or any sort of company which wants to scale up. They usually end up going for all the capital to us. And so if there would be like a join sort of capital market. It would give an option to invest at much larger sort of scale. Because some companies for example are indexed here in pro. On the local market. I mean the valuation and the opportunities for such companies. Limited in terms of what they would like to sort of stay alive. So capital markets in that's another big step which is ahead maybe at some point. Now please I want you to do very quick consolidation with chat GPD or whatever you have. Please let's go back to the paper. Let's go back to the paper. From Sapir which you have in the document server. And what I would like to ask you. This could be like a very basic economic question. In the final exam. Let's have a look at the third chapter. In the paper from sa. Fe. The third chapter is called the water effects of integration. And there are three examples. You can measure wealth air effects with some sort of static perspective. You can measure it from some dynamic perspective. And you can also have a look at some sort of we can call it like geographic or like localization effects. So there are three types of. These effects on welfare. During the process of economic integrations. So please open the paper. You can directly sort of consult it with chat or clock or whatever. Just try to summarize very quickly. What are these static dynamic location effects? What are the benefits of economic integration through these three effects? And also are there any drawbacks? Which the paper describes? Maybe short compared to long time period. During the integration. So let's quickly check it. 