Meeting Title: Andy
Date: Apr 23
Meeting participants: John Strabel

Transcript:
 
Me: The basics of the. So wait, which one is it? Because there's three analyst roles open. It's the. It's the business one, I believe. Hold on. Let me pull up the job description. Yeah, because it was the. There were. There were two that I applied for that were the analyst. Hold. On. I think I sent you video services retail wireless, and I think dish was the last one. Yeah, it's the dish business. Yeah. Financial analyst for business. Really? I don't even know. Like, what is that? What's the difference? I mean, it's just more of a. You're not going to be, like, I'm looking at the technical stuff as much. I think you'd be looking more at the. Like, working under, like, the CMO team or CFO team. Okay. But I'm not 100 sure. But, yeah. There's. The three big lines of business, as you know, as I mentioned, it's dish, slings, boost. Inger, video services, boosters, retail Wireless. Since. You're on the dish side, you'd work out of the office that is in Meridian. So off Lincoln Boulevard. Fire. You know, it's sick. I did not want to have to drive 85 every day. I'm sorry that I get that sucks. You have to do that. They know it's horrible. And plus, that obviously between the hours of 10 and three, you're, like, allowed to go out the back door and, like, walk around and stuff. That's sick. But, yeah. So I'll see real quick. There's. The. The sea paw is a big thing. As I mentioned, if you could just figure out a way to. Tailor answers towards that, like, if you. Like, create adventurous one or the other two. Yeah. Curiosity. It's curiosity Pride Adventure in wang. Okay. Yeah. They're just. They're such suckers for that. If you just, like, try to make your answers kind of tailored towards that or. Like, try to mention it in a way that's not, you know, Like forced, but, yeah. So I'm just gonna be like, yeah, I'm an extremely curious person that has a lot of pride. I love adventure. And I like to win. Yeah, exactly. It was those, and then there's. I'll find, like, we have documentation on all this, but there's also, like, the pillars of dish, which is. Like, one of them is really funny. It's like, do things right the first time? All right. You know, when I first saw that, I was like, what the. Oh, here we go. I think this is it. And then, yeah, I'm sure you know, Echo star is, like, the parent company. Yeah. So they're the one that owns, like, dish sling, like, all that. Yeah. Okay, cool. There we go. Do you. Know who you're interviewing? With? Do you have a name? Yeah, it's. Hold on. I actually just pulled up her linked in a minute ago. It's Ashley Ingram. How do you spell that? How do you spell her last name? A l g r I m. Oh, yeah. There she is. She's like, in premium, so she's definitely can see that I'm looking at her account right now. Whatever. Okay. Yeah, she's. So she's in talent acquisition, so this is going to be, I think. More of. A. I definitely first. Proud interview. Her favorite extra value is curiosity. Fire. I'm pretty curious. She's from. She's from hutchinson, kansasick. Yeah, I think. Yeah. I mean, it's gonna be just a screening, probably. It's gonna be, like, pretty quick. Yeah, I think, honestly, she's just gonna ask you, like, what you're looking for, that kind of thing. And. Yeah, that probably from the actual. You'll probably have an interview with the manager, like the hiring manager, who's actually the one that you report to if you had the job. Yeah, those are the big things. So it's. You want to make yourself look like you're a hard worker, that kind of thing, because, you know, Charlie, you're gonna go find a dish is hardcore. Yeah. Like, even. Yeah, it's obviously once you actually get here, not that insanely strict. But. Yeah, I think. Showing that you want to be Innovative. Never heard. I mean, you know, we do consider ourselves a tech company. Okay. No matter how much people. Say or don't think we are, we do think that way. So. Yes. Does it hurt? Yeah. Trying to think, how many rounds was yours when you interviewed for this? Or you. I guess you went straight into the internship, though, so you didn't really have to. I think. But I. After my screen call, I think I had two. Okay. I had one with, like, an SVP and then one with my manager. Yeah, it's probably. Yes. Like, pretty standard, I feel like. Yeah. And, I mean, you're pretty damn qualified for this role, considering, like, a master's degree in it. Like, yeah, no, I know. I'm just. I'm worried. I mean, there's probably gonna. It's gonna be more technical, I'm sure. Like, they're gonna have some sort of exam, like, for proficiency. Do they have you take, like, because they had us take a screening when I back when I applied my internship? I'd be thinking, like, a full screening exam and they're having you do that? I haven't gotten anything about it. I think. I think that's probably gonna be the next after this initial phone call. Or zoom meeting. Possibly. It might. It's like a. Like a personality test almost. So I think if they gave you this, I don't know if you'll end up having to take that, because I don't know if they rolled that out or not. Yeah, I don't know. I mean, it also could be because I got the referral link, so maybe that just, like, bypassed it. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. I think the referral link goes a long way for sure. I heard back, like, within two days. That never happens. Are you serious? Yeah. They're like, we're on it. Holy. I know. Normally it takes, like, at least a week and a half, two weeks before I hear back from anyone. And then I guess the last thing is looking. To. What dish business actually is. Yeah, that's actually very important. Oh, here we go. It's because. Yeah, I mean, I don't. I do go, like, works with this business side. But it's. From live TV to enhanced experiences like streaming and casting. Ditch business delivery. The Cutting Edge commercial entertainment technology. Oh, so I think that's like media sales. And. I think. Dude, I don't know what this is. Is it like the dish? Oh, it's like. It's like they're constant in a box and. What's up? Why? There's a random on the dish business website. There's a quote from the guy who is the general manager of the lochinta hotels and the nurse or a picture of the hotel because they use dish Network. S. I'm guessing it's for. Like, stuff where, like, hotels and stuff where you need to have, like, satellite TV and you want it through, like, x amount of TVs across the entire, like, hotel like that. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Let me pull back up this. Career description. Now. We can do it. Too. Oh, there's. Oh, there it is. There's so many financial analyst versions open. Holy. Okay. I submitted Jack for a business analyst role. Like, I can see, like, the status of all the. Referrals I do. And he just started the application, didn't finish it. What do you mean? Like, it takes, like, two minutes. I know. All right. Well, isn't he doing the whole cop thing? Right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. MPV rate of. Oh, this is. Oh, I'm actually. I'm, like, totally qualified for this. Yeah. That's what I thought. Like, when I saw that role, I was like, holy. That's kind of perfect for him. Yeah. This is, like, actually, like, right up my alley. Like, this would be perfect. I just don't have any. I don't have any sales force. Or, like. Or, I mean, I. I know how to use sap, so it's funny. Pretty much the same thing. Yeah. All right. Fire. I will. Yeah, I'll let you know how this goes. Thanks for calling me, though. Yeah, for sure. And then. Yeah, like, our employee badges of sea poll, like, written on them. Like, not really. Yeah. Especially someone like talent acquisition. They'll love to hear something about that. It also just shows you did your research. Yeah, I'll say that. Be like, would it be, like, too much? I was like, yeah, I was. After doing research, I saw your guys's core values with C bars, and I don't think I'm gonna bring up only for that making it for. All right, cool. Sounds good. Yeah. Catch you later. Oh, yeah. Wait, by the way, I know I'm coming back now. Sounds like I'll be home July. Like, 12. Yeah. So we gotta get the 14 inch and stuff. I'm in terrible. I'm gonna die. It was fine. Yeah. No, I'll figure it out, and then I'm just. I'm gonna start looking at, like, crazy night at home. I can't afford a gym membership right now here because it's only for a four year, and I'm not signing up for a full year. To only use it for, like, two months. That's totally fair. Yeah. Well, we're just doing what we're doing, but. All right, well, I'll see you later. 