Meeting Title: Financial analyst position overview
Date: Apr 24
Meeting participants: John Strabel

Transcript:
 
Speaker A: Doing well. 
Speaker B: How are you doing today? 
Speaker A: Good. Thank you so much for taking the time to meet with me. 
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. Well, I'm looking forward to discussing our financial analyst position that we have available. This is an on site position based out of our Englewood headquarters. Are you comfortable with and looking for on site work? 
Speaker A: I am, yes. So my family lives in Denver, so that would be perfect. 
Speaker B: All right, well let me spend just a bit of time talking you through what we're looking for, some of the responsibilities within the role and then I will open it up to you to talk me through your experiences. 
Speaker A: All right, sounds great. 
Speaker B: All right, so this is a Financial Analyst 1 position supporting our dish business business unit. Within those day to day duties, there's a lot of daily, monthly and quarterly reporting, working on churn analysis activations and forecasting for growth and then as well a lot of ad hoc analysis surrounding deals within the top skills that this manager is looking for. Problem solving capabilities, the ability to identify and resolve bugs or errors. Thinking creatively of course, that's a key finance trait for sure. This role really tackles the challenge of translating fragmented financial data into actionable business intelligence. You'll analyze performance across programming hardware and cost of goods sold to identify those trends and align the budget. You'll refine financial models for NPV and rate of return to drive higher precision within deal analysis. You will optimize departmental P and L reconciliations. You will leverage AI tools. We have a huge AI focus. Of course we use Google Gemini as a business so you have access to that and of course identifying cost savings opportunities through variance analysis operating expenses. Within the team setting There is an FA2 as well as a senior financial analyst. We have a massive finance organization but it's all split up within those different business unit teams. So this team is looking for that third analyst underneath the direction of the manager. We have a great training program within those first 90 days you, you also have the opportunity to be mentored by one of the senior members on the team. So additional development for you there. This team is, they are very collaborative. The manager spends a lot of time developing you to then provide a lot of trust and autonomy within, you know, working within those expectations. Within the technical skills. We're looking for advanced Excel capabilities. We are a Google based business so there's a lot of cross functional work within Google Sheets but our analysts still have access to Excel. They also will use a lot of tableau for visualizations. And this team will work within Salesforce, the CRM system as well as Oracle, which is our erp, system, our accounting package. I will dig into those technical skills a little bit later on. No need to highlight that. But what I would love is for you to talk me through not only your experiences within internships, academic exposure, but honing in on all of the various types of financial models that you've had the opportunity to build from scratch as well. Presentations. What type of information have you presented? What's the highest level that you've presented to? Those are both key areas that I will need to include in my notes to pass on to the manager. So happy to open it up to you and learn more about your experiences. 
Speaker A: Sure. So I guess I'll just start with a quick rundown of kind of my experiences and what I've been able to done so far. So I graduated from the University of Colorado Boulder class of 24. While I was there I actually had two internships, one with a company called Farmbox Foods, which is a. It was a startup company in Denver at the time. Now it's a little bit bigger. They would take vertical hydroponic shipping containers. They would like create them basically. And it was a very interesting job. Say at least it was very niche and very cool. While I was there I did a little bit of everything. I was kind of all over the place because it was so small. So operations, finance, some accounting, I was all over. Then my junior year I went into a summer internship in Tokyo. I lived there for three months. It was a consulting internship and really my main focus was just helping them decide where they were going to allocate their money, where they were going to allocate their resources. They had a lot of different revenue streams and a lot of different just avenues I guess that revenue was coming in through. So they were trying to dictate which was the best source for them to really invest in. So that was kind of my main responsibility. Then flash forward to now. I'm currently living in Prague in the Czech Republic, which has been very fun. I'm doing my master's here. So I've been here for the last year and a half. I finish up in July or end of June, early July and then I come back to the States. So that's kind of quick rundown of just my resume pretty much. As for financial models and my experience with those, I've obviously been studying finance and accounting for the last four, five, six years now. Wow, it's been a long time. So I've done a lot of evaluations of companies. I took an evaluation class last semester actually where we would have to basically Just pick a different company each month and then go and create all the financial statements from scratch. So dcfs, all of your ratios, so like your weight, WAC calculations, npv, ir. Really just all of the basic things that I would possibly need to know, obviously, while using Excel for the most part. And then really as for me, like as a person, I'm very adventurous. I love to climb, I love to hike. I do a lot of 14ers in Colorado. It's one of my big passions. I love to ski. And really I'm looking for a position where I'm going to constantly be able to keep growing and learning. I just don't want to stay stagnant. I want to feel like I'm contributing to a team and to something bigger than myself. And I just want to continue to learn and grow and become the best version of myself. So I think does that cover just about everything? 
Speaker B: Let's talk about presentations. 
Speaker A: Oh yes, I forgot about the part. So working at farmbox, which is a smaller company, I was presenting to the highest levels of management. Obviously I was presenting the CEO of the company. I was working directly under him for a whole summer. And then. So I do have, I do have. Why am I blanking on the word experience? Presenting to the highest levels, like the C suite, but I guess for smaller companies it doesn't really count. And then while I was at SAP, I would also be presenting to mid management at least once, maybe more every week or once more twice a week. So I definitely have experience having to present to upper management. 
Speaker B: What type of information were you presenting at SAP? 
Speaker A: Yeah, so I was royalty reconciliation and third party royalty management. It was basically internal accounting. And we. I'm still under NDA technically, so I can't go into crazy detail on a lot of things. But the information I'd be presenting was mostly just going over contracts and explaining the. Basically the order flow of how the numbers were moving from initial purchase to the end and how it was affecting their royalties, especially for the third parties. So I'd really just be presenting information. And then if there was an error somewhere or if there was a hiccup somewhere along the line, I would just show them where the error is to explain what I had to do to fix it and go on from there. 
Speaker B: Tell me about a project that you've worked on that you really had to spend a good bit of time problem 
Speaker A: solving professionally or for school or could it be either? 
Speaker B: Either, sure. 
Speaker A: So I'm actually. This is pretty relevant for me right now. I'm actually working on My master's thesis as we speak. And this has been. I bit off a little bit more than I can chew, to say the least. I'm doing a. I'm basically going through every single Reddit post from 2012 and that has to do with stocks in any way. And it's. I coded a Python script that would. It analyzes the sentiment so the. Like the sentence and it says, okay, is this a positive or negative sentiment? And then it basically is dictating if it's good or bad news for the stock. And then it's also measuring velocity. So just the amount of mentions and there's a couple other things. There's a whole technical analysis side and there's. I could go into like a bunch of detail that I won't, but moral of the story is a bit off. Way more than I could chew. It was way more data than I knew was gonna be a lot of data, but it was way more data than I was anticipating. And really just finding a way to streamline that process and organize all that data was something that, I mean, I figured it out, but it's been a process. So I've spent a lot of time really just digging and getting it done. 
Speaker B: Thank you. Perfect. Let's dig into technical skills. I'd love to start with extension. What are some of the higher level formulas and functions you have the ability to utilize? 
Speaker A: Sure. I mean I use Excel almost every single day, so I mean, xlookup, vlookup, pivot tables. I mean any. I have some experience with macros. Not a ton, but I have used them in the past. Really? I mean any formulas, like for the most part. Like, I like npv, irr, all the lease accounting formulas. So like, I mean, all right, now I'm at the point where I'm just trying to learn how to not use a mouse. That's where I'm kind of getting to. So I'm very familiar with Excel. 
Speaker B: Any experience working with SQL? Obviously you said you have Python capabilities, but any experience with SQL? 
Speaker A: Like SQL? Yes, yes, a little bit. Actually not a ton, but I have used it in the past. It's actually for the Reddit sentiment. I was using SQL to store all the data, so I have used it. 
Speaker B: Tell me more about your Python capabilities. 
Speaker A: If I'm being completely honest, very basic. If I could utilize AI, that's extremely good. That's kind of where I'm at. So I mean my actual ability is relatively basic, but with AI it's much better. 
Speaker B: Any experience working with Tableau? 
Speaker A: Actually no. For Data visualization. I usually just use Python as well, like Map, Pilot Lab and things like that. But I have used Canva and other similar kind of dashboards or Obsidian even I'm currently using. 
Speaker B: And I'm assuming if you don't have any experience with Tableau. No experience with Power bi. 
Speaker A: No. 
Speaker B: Okay. What about working with an ERP system? 
Speaker A: Yes. I'm very comfortable within the SAP systems. Yeah. So I've utilized them quite a bit. I've used Salesforce in the past. I wouldn't say I'm a professional by any means, but I'm pretty confident within the ERP systems. I feel like I can navigate them very well. 
Speaker B: Oracle is very similar in size to SAP, so it probably wouldn't take you too terribly long. I like to spend just a bit of time talking through our core values and understanding how you feel you may align within each of those values. You used one of them already, talking about how adventurous you are. Adventure is one of them. But those four core values are curiosity, pride, adventure and winning. And think about these more from a professional level versus, you know, definitely there's a lot of adventure in 14ers, but I would say more from that professional level. The adventure and taking an internship in Tokyo and in Prague. And so think about it from that lens as you're relaying to me how you feel that you align within curiosity, pride, adventure and winning. 
Speaker A: Sure. So where to start? So for ASE or curiosity? So I'm really always learning and growing. I mean, if you saw my YouTube watch history, it's all just random historical videos or fun facts or I'm really into like space exploration. It's kind of like my hobby on the side. I just love to learn as much as I can. So I'm always learning and growing. And I go through those weird niche phases where I get really into something for, like, I'm like obsessed with. And then move on to the next thing. So that's. So I'm a very curious person at heart. Same thing with my travels. Like, I'm always trying to experience as much as I can and grow. As for the next one was pride. Hmm. I'm trying to. What do you mean by pride? Just like, how I am as a person. Like the pride I have in myself and my work or. Sure, yeah. I mean, I'm very. I guess I'm a prideful person. I think highly of myself and I care a lot about how I treat others and how others feel about me, but not like I don't in a good way. I take a Lot of pride in the work I do. I don't submit anything unless I believe it's to the best of my ability. And I'm always gonna ask questions if I need to. I'm not like, I'm not prideful to a fault. I'm prideful to the extent that's needed to be confident, I guess. So I would say I'm not arrogant, but I am prideful. Yeah. As for adventure, I think we kind of covered a little bit of it. 14 years. And then I spent a lot of time abroad. I spent two years in Prague year into couple months in Tokyo. I studied abroad in Europe while I was in college. So I love just the adventure side of that. As far as professionally, I believe all of my roles have been slightly different in different ways. So I feel like I'm very adaptable. I can learn on the fly very quickly, and I'm not scared to take risks when it comes to my career. As long as it's something that's only a risk towards me and not towards other people. And then for winning, I mean, I grew up playing competitive hockey. Very, very competitive person. That being said, I love working with teams, but I also want to succeed in everything I do, and I won't let myself not succeed. So whatever it is that I have, if I don't know how to do something, I'm gonna figure it out and I will. I'm gonna win and I'll try and win the first time and not have to do anything again. So. Yeah, I'm not sure. I'm not sure if you wanted me to, like, really go, like curiosity, pride, adventure, win, but figured that was just the easiest way to do it. 
Speaker B: You did a great job. Thank you. 
Speaker A: Thank you. 
Speaker B: What is your desired salary for your next role? 
Speaker A: Sure. I mean, this is gonna. It's an entry level role, so I think anything like over 70,000. I mean, yeah. Especially if I. If it's in Colorado, I can live at home for the first few months, which would be a really big, really big plus. So. Yeah. 
Speaker B: Okay. And then if you were offered a position, how quickly would you be able to get started? I know that you're graduating the end of June, you said, so first part of July. 
Speaker A: Yeah. So I actually don't know. I think I'll be able to start either the end of July or August 1st right in that area. Just because I have to move back. I have to get all my stuff back. So it's going to be a really stressful first two weeks of July for sure. But yeah, I bet if this, if this ended up working out, I could make it work as long as it doesn't interfere with school. 
Speaker B: So yeah, absolutely. Well, let me spend just a bit of time telling you about the interview process. I will submit all of this information over to the hiring manager. I do give him about 48 hours to review that next step would be a first round 45 minute virtual interview with the hiring manager. Once that was completed, we do have one general knowledge assessment that every single corporate employee completes. It takes about 35 minutes minutes and I would look to have that completed within 48 hours. We then would schedule you for a 60 minute interview with the senior manager of the department. That would be the final interview. So if the team wanted to move forward, we would likely send for references at that point. We do use a cloud based platform. You would complete a self reference as well as provide two managers and a peer and it would alert me. When everyone had completed, the team would gather all the information, make final decision, work on a potential offer. Once that offer was delivered and accepted, we would move you forward to onboarding to do your background check, order your equipment and have you get prepared to get started. So it does take about three to four weeks to work through the interview process. That would put us at the end of May. So there would still be a bit of time before you would start, of course, as you're finishing school and getting moved back. Typically we have individuals relocate within three to four weeks from offer. But understanding you are out of the country finishing school, so I am a resource for you throughout the process. So any questions that you have, I'm here to support you start to finish. I do work with a team of coordinators. They help me schedule the interviews. They are there exclusively to schedule and reschedule though. For any and all questions, please absolutely. Reach out to me. Speaking of questions, what questions do you have for me now? 
Speaker A: Let's think. Actually I wrote a couple down before we even started the interview. So if you don't mind me looking really fast. Yes. So I was just curious. So what would the first 90 days look like if for someone who was getting this role, especially as an entry level person coming into dish or heavy 
Speaker B: training, first 30 days, you're doing a lot of shadowing, getting set up and stuff, systems understanding processes. 60 days you'll have a few deliverables, really digging into the day to day processes of the position, learning the ins and outs of all the applications and tools. By 90 days you should roll into the daily and monthly tasks pretty seamlessly. They do a great job. Again, a lot of training with the manager, typically 90 days. It does take a full six months to a year to business as a whole. But, you know, again, very collaborative. You know, they do a great job of, you know, doing a lot of cross training so that others can easily step in and assist. 
Speaker A: Okay, amazing. Awesome. I mean, I love the training. It sounds great. So, yeah, let me see what else we got here. So what would you say the biggest? Well, I guess could you give me an example of a project or anything that the team is doing currently or that obviously I know you've got to be careful about what you can say. 
Speaker B: I would probably reserve that more for the team. More of those day to day specifics are going to be best from the people who do that work day in and day out versus hr. So. But definitely Dish business is our highest revenue stream or one of our highest revenue streams. So they are working on a lot of projects. So I would, I would love to have them share that with you. 
Speaker A: Okay, amazing. Thank you. Yeah, well, I think that. I think that pretty much covers it. I think. Yeah, we've done. It was a great interview, so thank you. 
Speaker B: Yeah, absolutely. Well, if you have any questions, let me know. I will get this sent over to the team. Really appreciate your time. And as soon as I hear back, I will reach out and ask for some availability. So keep an eye on your email and. And then I will pass that availability off to the coordinators to set up the next step. 
Speaker A: Okay, amazing. Well, thank you very much and I hope you're coming. Thank you. 
Speaker B: Have a great rest of your day, John. 
Speaker A: Thanks. You too. 
Speaker B: Bye. It. 