Meeting Title: Heather King
Date: Apr 23
Meeting participants: John Strabel

Transcript:
 
Me: So. So have you been getting. I was trying to wrap my head around what you were there. I knew you were, you know, working. Have you. Have you also been getting, like, some kind of advanced degree when you say your thesis? Yeah, I'm getting my master's degree, so it's my master's in one year. Or is it two years? Is it two-year program? Oh, my God. Time has flown. I know. My goodness. We're almost done. We got one more class left. Oh, my gosh. Congratulations. That's a big deal. Thank you. Thank you. I'm definitely ready to be interested. In. Is it like an MBA or is it international business or what is it? It's like a program. It's called. It's masters in finance and accounting. So it's. I see. Okay. They call it, like, the mifa program, so. Okay. But, yeah, it's. It's been a great program. I'm just. I'm excited to be done. I've been in school for too long. Yeah. I know. I'm sure. I'm sure you're ready to be out. Yeah, I know. You've done your. You paid your dues. Exactly. I'm ready to start making some money, so we'll see. So tell me what. You're. Tell me what you're thinking, how it can help. Yeah. So I really just. I'm just reaching out to everyone I can just trying to build a network here and just see. See what resources I have at my disposal. I. Yes. So, I mean, you know, my degrees in finance and accounting, and I just. I don't know. I just kind of wanted to bend your ear and see if you had any advice for me and the job search. If you had anyone, like, anyone you could introduce me to, just anything. I'm not really sure what I'm looking for here. Just really anything. Just kind of a. Okay, so you're starting, like, you're starting from ground zero. And try to, like, figure out what your plan is, basically. Yeah. And I'm already. I've already started applying. Like, I've got applications out, and I've been doing this for a little while, but, yeah, I'm starting ground zero and just kind of. Okay, see what's going on. Well, tell me. The answer might be that. That you have no, you know, restrictions at all, but, like, do you. Do you already have a sense of. Of anything specific? Meaning, like, this is the job title. I'm not going after. This is the kind of company I'm going after, or this is the city I want to be in, or this is the country I want to be in. Just anything to help me understand better where you are. Yeah, of course. I mean, it's pretty broad. I mean, obviously, I want to be in the united states, that's for sure. California, Denver would be great. Like Chicago, New York, really anywhere, like, wherever. I'm gonna go wherever I get the best opportunity. Okay, got it. Okay. Yes. Obviously, my degrees in finance and accounting, so I'd like to stay somewhere in that financial world. I do. One thing I do know is I do not want to be an accountant per se. Like, I don't want to be sitting down doing taxes or, like, internal audit or anything like that. I want to go more to finance strategy side. And I don't know, even roles that aren't necessarily just finance space. Like, even if they're, like, more operations based, if my finance background can help in any way, then obviously. So, yeah, pretty broad. Like, that's kind of where I'm at right now. No, like, no specific positions. I'm doing. Right now, I'm applying for, like, a lot of analyst positions and stuff like that, but. Oh, that's what I was just going to ask you. Are there certain titles that for. For your age and your level of experience that people tend to talk about? And analysts is one of them. Yeah. Financial analyst is a big one. Yeah. I mean, that's my. My memory from back when I was in New York, and I was working a bit on Wall Street, is that, like, people from your profile tended to come into these. These were, like, big, big banks. But they were coming to them as financial analysts. That was my memory. Okay. Okay. Yeah, that's my one. All right. So first of all, I want to be helpful to you in any way I can. And that's the most important thing. So keep that in mind. Okay. Since I'm not directly in your field. I feel like this most. One of the most important things I can do to help you is try to get you in touch with some people who are in your field that are, like, in my age group, you know, because they'll. They'll have much more to offer in terms of. Of, like, specific, useful advice. So why don't I start with that? And see what they say. And then. I mean, in my experience. The way these things work, but it doesn't mean, you know, this is just my experience. Okay. But the way these things work is that. There's either, like, a set structure, like, within these Banks. Right. And they're just like, listen, we're going to hire, like, 20 analysts a year or whatever their number is, right? And you either, and you try to be one of those people, and so you try to. So you have to kind of go through the formal process, but then ideally you. An ideal world, you find somebody who has some kind of connection to whoever that employer is, and you have some people. Like, weigh in on you on your behalf to make sure you don't fall into a pile so that you get the utmost consideration. Right. But those are, like, jobs that already exist. Right. And that. And that tends to be the strongest. Way, like the more. The more foolproof way. And then the second way. Is you just find, like, a. Earlier stage company. You know what I mean? Where they just kind of could. Could use some more help, and they kind of create a job around you. You know? But for that, you. You. Re interesting and good. It just isn't. There's upsides and downsides to it. The upside of it would be like you get to go in, you just roll up your sleeves, you get to, like, contribute as, you know, as much as you're willing to stay awake. You know what I mean? Because they need more help than they. Have people to do it, right? Yeah. The downside of those roles is that you're not necessarily getting mentored by people who are excellent at what they do. Okay. Okay. And so I don't think there's any one path that is perfect, okay? And you should, you know, you can stay open to everything. But I will say that as a young person who wants to be in finance. That. I think an ideal situation, you're working for people who you want, who, like, even if you don't want to be them in 20 years, like, maybe you don't want to, you know, end up a partner in a major bank. Okay? But they. But in order for them to be partners in major banks. They just really are best in class at what they do. And so you might go there for two years, let's call it. Okay. But in those two years, they're gonna. Like, eat you up. You know what I mean? Like, they're gonna. You're either gonna get fired or you're gonna make it because you're gonna learn so much about the right way to do these things. And that. That type of really rigorous training. Is just incredibly valuable to you. Because there's no way for you to know. You know, there's just no way for you, Johnny, to know until you get into situations with people that are years ahead of you and a really excellent at what they do. And then they make you raise up to their standards at, you know, but with less consequential work. Yeah, of course. Yeah. And, I mean, training's everything, too. Like, that's probably, like, the most important aspect of this first rule. Yeah. So, like, there's pluses and minuses to both. That's what I'm saying. Like, it's small business. You get to do more. You kind of, like, feel, like, more like a big man on campus, blah, blah, blah. The other one, you're more of a grunt, but you're, like, getting, like, really excellent training for life. You know what I mean? Like, for your career overall, and. And then you can use that to go to do other things. So let me just see here. So. What I'm gonna do is I'm gonna ask our CFO. At my company. To talk with you. Okay. Oh, amazing. And. Yeah. And I'll. I'll send you his LinkedIn profile. He's kind of got, you know, I I just led with my COO this, like, six month search for our CFO. Okay. And he. He's been a CFO at other companies and stuff, too. He's in the Washington, DC area, which is where we're based. And he. He's a super nice guy. You'll like him. His name is Jim. And. But. But he's really had, you know, like a 30-year career. In finance. And accounting, and so he's kind of come up to rise up to the CFO level, but he'll kind of share his background with you and then his experience and. And, you know, see where that goes. And then. And then I'm gonna call a mutual friend of mine and your mother's. His name is Ian Deeson. I don't know if you've met Ian. Does that name ring about? That does not. No, I don't believe I have. Okay, so he's. He grew up with us. And. But he and I have lived together in New York City. And then Washington, DC. In fact, we were living together when each of us met our respective now spouses. Oh, wow. And we're incredibly close. He stood up in my wedding. Like, oh, wait, you were a ring bear. I know this. I do. I know who you're talking about now. Yeah, he's the only man that was on the bright side. Yeah. Yeah. So. But he's had a really great career in finance. In fact. When I was living with him in New York City. He was. He was a financial analyst at. What was the bank he was at? Not JP Morgan, but he was at one of the big banks. And first Boston. He was that first Boston bank, and he did that for two years, and then they moved him over to Australia to do the same thing over in Australia. And he lived in Australia for two years doing it, and then he kind of called me, and he was like, how the. I just don't know what I'm doing here. Like, I I don't know what the next move could be, but he was, like, feeling like it was a little bit soulless. And so then I convinced him to move to Washington, DC and move in with me there. And try to get a job working on Capitol Hill in finance, like, for one of the finance committee members, and it ended up working. So he ended up working on, like, the. It was crazy time in history, but it was like the period in the early 2000s when, like, worldcom went down and, like, all, like, he worked on those Congressional hearings. So he ended up on that house. I was in the Senate side working for Hillary, and he ended up on the house representative side, but he worked for the head of a small business committee, and that guy was on the committee overseeing, like, the failure of all these companies. And. And he was literally, like, you saw him on CNN. He was, like, sitting behind the guy. It was crazy. But it was. And so he ended up working on the policy side of things, and then from there, he ended up. Applying to Harvard Business School and got in there in Northwestern, and so he left to go to business school. And then from there, at a business school, jet blue, the airline jet blue was just had just kind of been created by this guy who had run other airlines. And that guy was like, I need. I want, like, a young whippersnapper who's kind of. Kind of my assistant, but, like, really, really sophisticated and Savvy because he'll be at a senior level. And he, like, went into Harvard business school and interviewed to hype, like, for a role he was created. It was very interesting. That's so cool. And he became. I don't know what his title was. I wonder if it was, like, assistant or, like, chief of staff or something, but he became the CEOs, like, right hand. Yeah. Okay. And. And he ended up at jet blue for, like, 15 years after that, and he ended up rising to the point he was, like, third in line at the company. He was head of all customer services, all people, like, he had this huge title. And he went through, like, three CEOs there. And then a few years ago, he hated the new CEO. Like, I was like an. And. And he was like, I gotta get out of here. And I remember talking to him then, and he ended up. So he's now. He and his wife moved to Chicago. And he is. Let me just. I always forget the name of the company he's at now. So he's interviewing. All over the place. And he. He's now the president and COO. Wait, is he. Oh, of a black stone company. Do you know, Blackstone? Are you familiar with Blackstone? Floor? Yeah, they're like a massive, massive. They're probably like a holding company. It's probably how they're set up. Yeah. Like, they're like a massive brand, and they're a ton. They do a ton in real estate. And. And so they just, like, buy and sell different real estate companies, things like that. So they ended up taking interest in him, and they were like, we want you to come in. You'd have to move to Chicago from. Because he was in New York City forever, like, for 20 years, and. And they're like, come in and run this company. So he's been there for, like, three and a half years. And. And he's. He's now the president and COO, and I think they might be going through a transition of some sort. I don't know, but I kind of talked to him through his wife. And then they were like, he's like, well, the hunting is my wife, and his wife is even more of a rock star than him. His wife is. Like, just crazy. Like, she's been the CEO of so many different companies, and, like, she worked for Mitt Romney at his fund in Boston and, like, does all this. And they were like, he's like, well, my wife was looking for a job right now, too. And they were like, well, who's your wife? And so he sent them her LinkedIn. You know, he sent them her LinkedIn profile, and they were like, oh, my God, we'll just make her a CEO of one of our companies. No way. So. Yes, because she's, like, amazing. And they have so many companies, so they moved to Chicago three and a half years ago, like, uprooted their kids of the same age as my kids. And. And they moved there, and they both took over as the head of these two different Blackstone companies. And so she recently left because her company got sold or something, and he's still there. But anyway, I'll put you in touch with him because he's really good at. He's very thoughtful about his advice. He's not just like. He's also had a wonderful career history that would is. Is somewhat analogous to what you want to do. So it's helpful from that perspective. But he's also just useful in my experience. Like, he doesn't. He won't just, like, get on the phone and talk to you and then, like, not be helpful. So. So let's start with those two people. Okay. And also note those emails today. And. And then see where that goes and then kind of, like, report back to me on it, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Like, report back on what they said, what resonated with you if they offered to do anything. Tell me, like, write it down. Yeah. You know. And. And stuff, and then we'll kind of take it from there and see if. If it helps, you know? And then what you want to do with all these people is. You want to. The best thing you can do is apply, apply, apply. Okay. No, of course. And so just be. Be applying to things simultaneously, be doing these informational interviews. In the informational interviews, what you want to say is like, listen, I'm at. I'm at, like, a launching point in my career. I've had these really great experiences. But I am now really flexible and I'm very open to where I move. And who I work for. Yeah. You know what I mean? And so I'm really looking for interesting, like, insights from you about how to focus this. I'm also interested knowing if you know of anything, like, you need to see that second part. Yeah. And that's always. I always feel a little bit awkward doing that, but. No, do not feel awkward. They'll respect you for it. Okay. Okay. So you say, like, they don't. People at least the level of the people that I'm going to introduce you to, they don't want their time wasted, and they know you're calling them for a reason. So it's best to just. And you're a very polite person, so I'm not worried about you sounding like an. You're just not that way. Okay? So don't worry about that. So I would say, you know. This is my background. This is the point I'm at. It's really important to express openness to, like, where you go. They'll understand that. And they'll be like, okay, that's great, because he's super flexible. And then. And then say, like, here's some of the types of things I'm applying to you, too. I would love your thoughts on that. You know? And then. And your insights. When you say insights, that gives them an opening to tell you if they are like, You know, I make it up, but, like, they might be like, ah, done those roles, but, you know, they're really looking for people right out of underground. And so you're actually a little bit overqualified at this point. You want to be going and looking for these things, you know what I mean? Like, that's why you want their insights. Okay. Their feedback and then say, and I would also appreciate it if you could, like, you want two. Two things to ask them for. Okay. One should be like, I would appreciate you keeping me in mind. If you hear of anything that I might be a good fit for, that's number one. Okay. And then the second thing is, I would also appreciate if. If there's anybody. Oh, anybody in your world that you think would be useful for me to also talk to. I would. I would appreciate being connected with them. Okay, perfect. Yeah. I just kind of build a web, like out. Yeah. And then you keep a spreadsheet and your spreadsheet has every single person on it, because this is the significance of the spreadsheet. Okay. Is that when you apply to jobs? You're going to want to do two things. Without exception. One. Oh, sorry. Okay. And then when you hang up the phone, Johnny, you immediately. You immediately send them an invitation on LinkedIn. Oh, I'm actually coming to that right now for someone I just talked to earlier today. Every single person you meet right now, you need to be doing an invitation on LinkedIn within, like, 48 hours, and you say in it and you say in the little message, like, it's so great to meet you today or to talk to you today. I would love to stay connected. That's it. Okay. Okay. Perfect. And then. So then you're connecting them on LinkedIn. Okay, so it's like stuff. That's like the second step after you hang up. They're added to your spreadsheet. Then when you apply to jobs. Apply to them. But then go in and learn how to do searches on LinkedIn. So that you can search the people you're connected with on LinkedIn to see if they have any connections at those companies. Okay. Okay. And then what you're going to do. Is you're going to. So when you go in and you do that, you're say, oh, I see Heather knows these three people. At LinkedIn, you know, at. And you can take. If you don't know how to do those searches, you couldn't get tutorials, right? Yeah. And so then. Then you're going to reach out to me and say, Heather. I just applied to this job. I'm going to name the job very specifically. If there's an online link to it, you're going to send me the link to the job. So someone went in, but you're connected with these three people. You're going to tell me who I'm connected with. And you're going to include a link to their profile on LinkedIn. Okay. Okay. Would you be willing to put in a good word for me with any of these people, any or all these people? Question mark. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Send me that email. Okay. And you're going to do that for anybody. Who you find through LinkedIn. Has a connection at any company that you're applying to. Okay, awesome. Okay. And that'll hi to Ian once you talk to him, that'll apply to. But you're only gonna. It only works if you connect with them on LinkedIn, because that's the only way you get access to their network. Yeah, no, that makes sense. LinkedIn is so valuable. It's like I'm just now. Like, I just revamped my whole thing. Readily valuable. Yeah. And did you choose on LinkedIn that you're open to opportunities? I've been told by different people, like, different things about that. Like, about if it's a good thing to have or not. I think right now I'm actually, I'm not. But I. I can always change it. It's very easy to change. Yeah. Why would. Why would people say it wouldn't? I'm trying to remember what the reasoning was. There was, like, some. I'm not sure. I'll. I'll get back to you on that one. I. It was this, like, career coach ladies. I can. I can ask her and I'll let you know what she says. But I I kind of agree with you, though. I I don't think it can hurt. No, this is why. I mean, first of all. I can't even tell you how many people at all levels, even CEOs have gotten jobs off of LinkedIn because it is the number one tool that all employment recruiters use to find people to interview for jobs is by far the number one tool. Okay. So if you're not advertising that you're open to opportunities, you're losing out on recruiters. Yeah, actually, I just. I just checked. I am open to work. Okay, great. And then. Okay, so that's number one. The second thing on LinkedIn is that you have to understand how the. Algorithm works as you're. Has anybody. Kind of taking you through that? Because in order to get recruiters to have you come up in their search when they're looking for financial analysts, you know what I mean? That kind of thing. Yeah. And I don't know what it would be for you. But. You need to wait before I forget. Let me just send you Ian's link to. Something. Are you and I connected? Oh, yeah, I believe we are. I'm looking you up. No, we're not. Shame on you, John. I just looked at your. Your LinkedIn the other day. Are you sure? Yeah, it says we're third. I mean, I can get to you, but we're not first. We should be first. I'm gonna. Yeah, that's crazy. I swore I connected with you. That's so funny. I know. I thought we were connected to. It's weird. It says we're third, but not first. And first. Okay. Yeah. Wait. All for me to connect really fast over. Here. I'm gonna send you a sample. I'm gonna send you a little message so you see the kind of message I think you should be sending people. Okay. Okay. I just sent you a message asking to connect. See? And then. All right. I'm not seeing it. You sure you sent it? Hold on. Maybe. It just didn't come three up. Yeah, I just take a second. I just take them out. Oh, here we go. I got your. I just accepted your. So. Like. Oh, yeah. We're connecting now. We're first. Okay, great. So now you'll have access. Like when you do a search for. Because you'll see when you learn how to do the LinkedIn searches. Like, if you're, like, applied to financial or a roll up mortgage family, for example, there's a way to do it where you could go in and you can search all of your firsts and your seconds. Meaning people that you first. Are, in theory first are supposed to be people who really do know you. Yeah. It doesn't always go out that way because people like to have large LinkedIn networks. But it's like, I don't usually accept a first unless I truly know the person. Now, if somebody wrote me a message and they're saying, hey, I'm John Strabel's best friend, can we be connected? I would say yes. You know what I mean? But I. I try to keep it more personal. Keep it. Yeah, but it's. But so what you end up doing is you end up conduing so you can say anybody who works, who has, you know, in their LinkedIn profile, Morgan Stanley. And then you say, search my first and seconds. And then it pulls up anybody. And you can imagine. Like, it pulls up anybody in your network. Who has, like, who has somebody in their network. That works at work and Stanley or worked at Morgan's family. So it's like you typically tend to, as you build up these LinkedIn networks is like, the chances of you knowing somebody. Who has somebody in their. I mean, for somebody like me who has, like, you know, like over a thousand people, you know, it's you're. I'm gonna have somebody from organ Stanley in my network. Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah. And then when you connect with somebody like Andy said, who's, like, big in finance and has been doing it for 30 years, he's gonna have, like, 10 people that work. You know what I'm saying? So that's why it really works when the. The process I'm laying out for you really works. And. So that. That's what I recommend you do. Everything I just told you. And. And so the way that you're organizing your mind is I'm gonna be applying, applying, applying. And I'm gonna be introducing, you know, connecting, connecting, connecting with people. And the connecting with people will do two things. One is it'll give me a network of people who I can then ask. To weigh in on my applications. It will also create a network of people who will be helping me find things that I don't know to apply for. Yeah. And so it's a win-win. Yeah, I mean, I think, like, it's so hard, right? It's so competitive right now, like, with. Like, there's just thousands of applicants for all these jobs. So it's. It's getting to the point where you kind of almost need to know somebody and, like, building this network is gonna be really helpful. Yeah. And that's. Yeah, that's why, like, the way you're going about it is good, which is that you got. But you gotta. You do have to say it to people. You have to say to them, this is how I'm thinking about it. These are the types of job titles I'm going after. I was. I would love, like, you're talking to this person because you want their advice. Yeah. So just say, I would love to know what you think about that and then let them talk. Okay? Okay. Sounds good. And take seriously what they say. And then. And then don't get off that call without saying. You know. Is there two other things? So, like, you're gonna spend most of your time on number one, which is. This is who I am. This is how I'm thinking about my job search. What do you think of that? They talk, talk, talk, talk, talk. They tell you their whole life story. That'll be like, if you're talking to them for 30 minutes, that'll probably be like 25 minutes up, 25 minutes of it. Okay. Okay. And. But then, because you've got your little bullet list in front of you, you will not forget to say two other things, right? Which is. I would appreciate you keeping me in mind for any opportunities. That you might hear of that I might be a good fit for. That's number two. And then the third is. Is there anybody else that you think that is. Is there anybody that you would be willing to connect me with that you think might be worth me talking to? I'm really leaning into these informational interviews, something like that. And then if they say yes. Make sure you follow up on it. Okay? And then your follow-up is you. You hang up that phone. And I would say right away, but if not, within 24 hours, you send them a LinkedIn request. And if they said they were going to do something. Either. You either follow up on email or you follow up through a LinkedIn message. All right, sounds great. Thank you so much for your time. You know, I know you said that I. You were going to connect me to. Ian Deeson. I really appreciate that. I just looked up his profile. He looks. He looks, like, spot on. Thank you for. Thank you for offering to do that. It's just a little way to add it to their task list if they didn't write it down. You know what I mean? Yeah, no, that makes sense. Just keep fresh. Yeah. And then. And then, like, keep your list. Now, Ian decent, like, your little spreadsheet should now have EMD on it. And if Heather King has not gotten back to you within, like, two weeks. You should ping Heather King and say, thank you so much again for being willing to introduce me to Ian. You know, could I grab his email address from you or would you mind doing that through email? Like, you. You kind of bug me. Yeah. You know. Perfect. Yeah. All right. This is like, you got to get comfortable with being the bug. Because it's the only way anybody ever gets anywhere. We've all been in your shoes. Yeah. The truth is, it's a little annoying. But that's okay. You have to annoy people to get to move forward in life. You have to. No, of course. Yeah. See, just be like, yeah, be a little annoyed. I'm going to do it in the politest way possible. I'm not gonna. I'm not gonna ping you every two days. I'm gonna make me ping you every two weeks. And then if you totally ignore me after, like, four pings, maybe I will let it die. But, like. I will tell you, like, it's an art. Like, if, for example, I refer you to Ian, you talk to an. Ian's like, oh, yeah, I'm gonna put. I'm gonna introduce you to Tom and Stacy. And then you ping Ian a couple times, and he still hasn't introduced you. You come back to me and you're like, Heather, Ian was so great. But by the way, he said he was going to do the stuff, and he hasn't done it. And then I will make the judgment on whether I go and pay me. And you know what I'm saying? Yeah, no, I got it. Makes sense. Yeah. Okay. Like right now you're. You're in the business of Johnny Strabel, Inc. And that needs to be your top priority. No, of course. Yeah. I'm just trying. To figure out what's going on, what to do. So. Yeah. All right. Well, thank you so much for meeting me. You have no idea how much this means. That you've met with John. Absolutely. Yeah. And I look forward to meeting your contacts and connecting with them, and, yeah, I'll keep. I'll keep in touch, and we'll. I'll let you know how everything's going. Great. And what's the email I should use to introduce to your people? Oh, do you want me just to send you a text? Just sent me a text with it. That's perfect. Here, I'll tell. Let's do it right now while I got my phone. All right, perfect. And then do you want me to connect with. What was his name? You have a link that you just sent me, or do you want me to wait until we get in touch first? No, wait, because most people will not accept your invitation until they know who you are. So you always want to send it out after you've made contact. So I tend to do it, like, After I'm on a call with them. You could do it. Like, if I. If I connected with Ian and Ian responds and you guys set up a time to talk, you could do it after that. Okay. Do it either way, but you couldn't do it before he knows who you are. No, that's what I figured. I just want to make sure, because I just saw you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But anybody who already knows who you are, like, all of your parents friends, you should just, like, en masse, sit down and just go out there and start sending invitations right and left. All right, perfect. Yeah. You know? Yep. Awesome. All right, well. I think. Yeah, I think that pretty much covers everything. Thank you so much again for meeting with me. I don't want to keep you too long. It's already been. Of course. Yeah. Yeah. We'll be in touch and I'll follow up with you and let you know how everything goes. Okay. Awesome. All right. Thanks again. Take care, sweetie. Thank you. Bye-bye. 