Meeting Title: Job interview with LA Pension Planners for financial advisor role
Date: Apr 22
Meeting participants: John Strabel

Transcript:
 
Me: Hello. Is this John? Hi, yes, it is. This is Larry. Yes, it is. Hey. How are you? I'm good. How are you? I'm. Good, man. I'm good. All right, so one of the partners here at LA pension planners, and I'll be the one to interview you today. Awesome. Excited. Look forward to it. Thank you for giving me the call. So. Yep. So first off, John, tell me a little bit about yourself. Sure. So I graduated from the University of Colorado, Boulder, class of 2024. And then right after that, I actually moved to Prague, which is where I currently am right now. Finishing my masters out here. It's. I've been here for the last two years. I worked for sap for a while doing internal accounting and royalty management stuff. I also had an internship I did in Tokyo where I was basically Consulting and a couple others random positions, like a startup company and things like that. Obviously. So my degrees in finance and accounting, both my undergrad and masters. So I have a strong foundation in finance and accounting. So, yeah, really, I'm just looking for a role. We're somewhere where I can grow and learn as much as I can and be people facing for the most part. Okay. People facing now. Why? Why exactly are you interested in a, in a client facing room? I'd say I'm very outgoing person overall during my time at sap, I was behind a desk pretty much all day, every day and just, you know, plugging into itself. So I didn't necessarily love that. I don't necessarily love the accounting side, so I'm kind of branching out looking more for roles that just get me in front of clients and that had me basically interacting with people more and. Yeah. Okay, that makes sense. All right. Now. When are you done with your masters? I'll be back in the states really, like, the end of July. So I graduate. Early July. I should be back around the end of July. Okay. Got it. And once you move back to the states, where are you going to live? Still figuring that out really depends on where I end up landing job wise. My girlfriend and her family live in Los Angeles, so that's one of the, like, a huge option for me. I'm. My family's based out of Denver, so I always go back home. If I get a good job somewhere else, I know I'm just kind of following the opportunities. Okay. Now, if you can describe your dream job without using any job titles or industry, how would you describe it? Sure. It would be a job that allows me to think strategically and to really feel like I'm contributing to whatever it is that I'm doing. So bigger picture, I guess. So in the longer, I'm like, I guess in, like, a, since I'm how my finance and accounting background, something that, that, that has to do with that, but more the strategy in, like, side of that, if that makes any sense. I want to. I just want to be able to help people and help a company grow or help people in some way. So. Okay. I get it. Do you have any entrepreneurial experiences? I'm a very active Trader. I love to trade. I'm always trading on the market. And then I have little side things I've done here and there. Like, I've done some app development and other things just for fun, but nothing, nothing too intense, if that makes any sense. I mean, I guess I worked for a startup company, which was entrepreneurial in some ways. But still more of a corporate setting. Okay. All right. John, that's all the questions I have for you. What, what questions do you have for me? Yeah, sure. So with this position, is it a w2 or a 1099? Position? Okay, so it's a contracting. Yeah. Because we're all considered. Well, look, at our firm, we're all building our own book of business. So whatever clients we bring on, these clients belong to us. Whereas if you were in a W2 gig. Working for, like, another company, like a warehouse, for example, then whatever clients you bring on, those clients belong to the company, not yours. Okay, I understand. And then, so if that's the case, then is it solely commission based? Well, we have two options. Option number one is you get a thirty thousand dollar salary. Plus you get half of your commissions and fees. Option number two is you get your full commissions and fees at no salary. Okay. What typically happens is when a new advisor comes on, they, they generally go with option number one. Just to kind of gain the experience, kind of get the ball rolling. And then once they're comfortable, they always transition over to option number two. Okay, that makes sense. That's where the money's at in this industry. Yeah, of course. And then. So how, how, how do you generate leads? Where do your leads come from? Is it a lot of cold calling or is there warm reliefs coming in? It's going to be a lot of cold calling early on. So we assign you territory, different companies, different school districts. So for, for people on my team, we work with public school employees. So we assign you school districts across the nation. You reach out to them via email, phone calls, along with private companies, too. And, well, I mean, to be honest with you, man, early on in the advisor's career, it's a lot of, it's a lot of code calling. You know, unless you have, like, a super rich uncle that's ready to sign over. Assets to you and you won't have to cold call. You know what I mean? No, I understand. And I, I mean, that's kind of what I figured. Like, I'm willing to put in the work and do it. I know it's kind of a grind, especially at the start. So I'm, I do understand that. So another question. So what would the first six months look like? Just like training wise and everything else. Like, what am I, what would it look like? Yeah. So. Prior to even starting, there's four exams for licenses. You need to study for and pass. Once you have all four, then that's when, you know, the real work begins. Training happens every single day for our advisors. And each and every day we go over a different topic in the industry. So, like, one day can be learning about the economy. The next day could be learning about different Investments. The next day can be learning what to say, what to do during a client meeting. Right. And I think what really sets our training apart is we don't teach you how to just sell an investment. We teach you how to be financial planners, be cfps. Right. We talk about taxes and all of that. The first six months of a junior advisor's career, it's gonna honestly feel overwhelming. Because it's a lot's going to get thrown at you, right? A lot of training. That's when the cold calling starts. You're going to be working with a mentor. It's going to be me. So early on, I'm going to run the meetings for you, kind of show you how it's done. And my goal for my advisors is to get you at least running the first meeting on your own within six months. And after that, we start scaling back. On my involvement. Obviously, I'll still be there for, like, the third and fourth closing meetings to kind of show you how it's done. But nonetheless, though, I think it's. Going to be overwhelming the first six months for sure because there's a lot to learn. Yeah, of course. All right. Amazing. And then for those four exams you mentioned, I'm assuming it's like the sie more of the other ones. The four. The series 66, the series seven. And the california life and health. Okay. Amazing. And that's something you'd want done before, like I even step in the office on the first day. Yeah. Correct. Okay. So for us that are firm, we all work remote, so we all work from home. We run our meetings over zoom with, with our clients. Obviously, if you're meeting with somebody who's a little bit older and, you know, it's just easier to be with them in person, then by all means. Right. We have an office located in Pasadena where we actually hold an in person once a month for all of our advisors, too. Correct. Amazing. How many advisors are there at the Palestinian office? I estimate about 40. Okay. Let me see if there's anything else. I have to ask you. Well, I guess just one more question for you. From your perspective, what would you say differentiate someone who succeeds at this job, especially early on versus someone who either, like, washes out or burns out or just doesn't succeed in general? Love. That question. I would say. It really boils down to if somebody has grit or not. Because it's not, this isn't an easy industry, right? The turnover rate in this industry is probably like 90. Yeah. But somebody who doesn't give up, man, somebody, somebody who has grit where they actually roll up their sleeves and they actually do it. Right. Because you're going to get a lot of nodes before you get a yes. And you can't let that affect you, right? Yeah. So if somebody can survive after three years, then honestly. They're kind of set because of the compensation structure that's going on in this industry. If you can survive for three years, it just gets so much easier over time. But you got to survive. Right. And that's where a lot of people, they don't, they don't have that tenacity to kind of stick it through and just keep right in the way. Okay. Gotcha. Makes sense. I'm trying to see. What other financial firms are you applying to? So I've got a couple other, like, interviews going on right now. I've got bankers life, which is the only other one that's kind of, like, similar in the financials firm. For, like, I guess, like, selling. They're advising, I guess. And then I'm interviewing with a couple other companies like bigger companies like dish Network and, like, stuff like that. Yeah. So for financial firms, there's different types. So there's wirehouses like Fidelity, JP Morgan. There's insurance companies like New York life. Right. And then there's us. We're considered a brokerage fir. M. So what kind of makes us a little different is, you know, a lot of people aren't going to know who the hell LA pension planners are. But we. Broke her out. Outer Investments. So whatever Investments out there, we can provide for our clients. Whereas if you work for Fidelity or even. New York life. You. Can only offer their Investments. And you're considered captive there. So, so again, whatever clients you bring on. They belong to the company. Whereas for us at a brokerage firm. These clients hold on to you. So it's a, it's a trade-off you know what I mean? So that's kind of the differences between different financial companies. Okay, that makes sense. When you say outer Investments, like, can you give me an example of just a few of the Investments that you, I guess, are selling or using or offering clients? So it depends on the type of account. That we're managing. So if it's like an advisory account and we utilize a lot of different ETFs, we, we utilize Fidelity ETFs, Vanguard, right? All of the big ones, you know, if it's more of. If it's more of an investment where it's not an advisory where it pays us a commission, then we usually go with different financial companies for that. So, like principal is one. Yeah, it's just depends on the, on the type of account. But any Investments out there we can provide. Okay. Amazing. That makes sense. Yeah. All right. So there's, there's, there's multiple steps of the interview process. The next step, I'm going to invite you to that. And it's a group info session that's going to be happening this Friday. At 2 p.m. pacific time. Can you make it to that? 2 p.m. pacific. I believe that should not be a problem. All right, so during this hour long zoom, you'll hear from the managing partner, talk about the resources available to everybody at the firm. And I think from there, you'll really see what we do on a day-to-day basis. And then there's another interview after that. But we'll cross that bridge once we get there. All right. Awesome. Well, thank you so much for meeting with me and I hope to, yeah, I look forward to the informational meeting on you Friday. All right, sounds good. All right, man. Nice getting to know you. I'll see you later. Talk to you later. 