Meeting Title: VF Intro
Date: Apr 23
Meeting participants: John Strabel

Transcript:
 
Me: Really means a lot. Yes, absolutely. Absolutely. How is pro? What time is it there? It's about 6 30, so it's not too late, but it's been nice. Yeah, it's nice just getting everything wrapped up, ready to get back to the states. So. Yeah, good for you. I was trying to find a time that would hopefully make sense on your end, too. I appreciate you taking. No, this was perfect. Thank you. So you graduate in July? You said? Yes, I graduate July. Well, I actually graduate early June. My parents are coming out here, and we're doing a little bit like a trip to kind of wrap up all of Europe since we're already over here. So, yeah, yeah, I'm excited. But I'll be back in the states, like, mid, late July. Okay. Cool. So I know we have to talk a little bit about. Previously that you were kind of open to where you want it to be. So do you have any additional thoughts on that as a map? I mean, no. I mean, I'm really just following the opportunities at this point. I'm interviewing like crazy, just wherever I can. So wherever I end up getting the best offers, we're gonna probably end up. For sure. Yeah. So I know when we talk about the previously, you're kind of familiar with the FR already, right? Yeah, I know. It's like the parent company for north face, timberland's Vans, all those, correct? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So we have locations really all over, but I know two of the locations we had talked about previously is one, our corporate headquarters, which is in Denver. It's right downtown. I was actually there at the location last week. Really cool spa right in Loto. And then I previously, I've been to our Costa Mesa office as well. And is that where your girlfriend's from California? Yes, that's correct. Yeah, she's from actually, like, right there. She lives next to Costa Mesa, so. Okay, perfect. Yeah. Oh, we had talked about that previously. So, yeah, we have a location over there, which is like our Vans headquarters. Really beautiful office. Like, there's a skate park there. I mean, they really pulled out all the stuff. So, yeah, really all of our locations have, like, different amenities like that close to me. Yeah. Has the skate park. You can bring your dog to work every day. Like, they know what they're doing over there. Oh, wow. And then in Denver. Also really cool location. Like I said, it's right downtown, has, like, a rock climbing wall, you know, gym, like, all of that kind of stuff as well. So really location wise, I don't think you can go wrong, but I think it depends, like, you know, obviously what you're looking for and where your team would sit for where you would end up. So is there anything, like, kind of specifically that you're looking for at this point or, like, a specific area of the business that you're looking to get into? Yeah. I mean, so my degrees in finance and accounting, both my undergraduate and my master. So I definitely want to lean towards that, like, Finance accounting area. But that being said, I worked for sap for a little bit and did some internal accounting for them, and I don't necessarily want to be an accountant. That makes sense. Okay. So just anything more on, like, the strategy side, like even operations, I'm pretty flexible, kind of keeping on casting a wide net. Yeah, for sure. Okay, cool. What kind of things within, like, finance and accounting? Do you like to do? Like, is there. Any kind of specific area within. There that you're looking. At? Yeah, I think, like, wealth management or just asset management in general for both corporations and for individuals and just the capital allocation and really just the more strategic side of the finance, a lot to do, like, trading or just things like that. Okay. Okay. So. For me, I am not. As. I actually just got a recent, like, recently got a new role with ndf, so I'm not as much in, like, that kind of finance and accounting area, but obviously there's certain people on my team that are. So once we kind of have, like, our conversation today and, like, just capture what you're looking for and everything, I can obviously pass around your resume and see if there's anything that's going on. Have you happened to look at any of our, like, current openings online at all? Yeah, I've looked at LinkedIn a bit. There's, I mean, there's quite a few. A lot of them are more senior positions that I qualify for, but I've been keeping my eye on VF. I think I follow them on LinkedIn, so I get the notifications for every time the jobs are posted. Okay. Anything, like, specifically that you were like, oh, that, like, is exactly what I'm kind of looking for. I'm taking peek really fast. I think I saved one or two. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, like, the financial analyst in real estate, like all these ones in coast and makeup, Mesa. Yeah, the, even the analyst fpa, all of these really, like, these more entry level or just lower level. Yeah. Finance positions. I mean, project manager. I'm not sure if I'm qualified for that, but just anything like things like that. Okay. Well, actually. The financial analyst for real estate is one that I'm hiring for. So that's really funny. So, yeah. Let's talk about that. Then. Sure. Let me just pull up my. Notes. Here. So for that role. That hiring. Manager. Is. It's, it's kind of a difficult niche position because we obviously need someone who is comfortable in, like, you know, accounting and finance and, like, financial modeling and things like that. But kind of. Looking for someone ideally, too, that, like, has a background. Somewhat, like, in real estate or kind of, like, knows that terminology. Have you ever had, like, any sort of, like, real estate background at all? So not directly, like, not professionally, I guess, but my, my dad, he works in commercial real estate, so I kind of grew up surrounded by that area. So, like, I do have a solid understanding, but professionally, no, I have no real estate. Okay. What about, like, financial modeling? Have you done much of that previously? Yeah, I've done a ton of financial modeling, like, in school. And, like, at work. I mean, I do it. I do it almost every day. I feel like. But, yeah, ton of Excel, tunnel financial modeling, the cash flow projections. Really everything valuations. So, yeah. Okay, sweet. Well, let me just pull my notes here, and then we can kind of, like, chat through that role a little bit more in depth then because, you know, if you have that, like, kind of general background, honestly, the, the leader, like, this role isn't a role that was filled before. It was a position that he has had and is kind of like, hold on to as part of his responsibilities. And then about. Like, six months ago or so, they decided to, like, Branch this, like, part off into, like, his team and hire somebody for that role. So his role was filled previously, but the person that they had in this position then got an offer from his, like, previous. Like, position, I guess, for, like, major promotion. And basically to, like, bring him back, and he's, like, always been like, it was at Disney, and he was always passionate about, like, Disney. So he ended up leading for that opportunity. So obviously, understandable. But basically, that's kind of why the S position is, like, open. So it's not really something that has been, like, filled a ton before. So I think you would have a lot of, like, opportunity to be able to kind of, like, make the role what you would, like, want it and, like, have, you know, kind of just like a larger breadth on, you know, what you would be looking to get into. So I'll kind of run through, like, just what this position is doing, and then we can kind of chat through your background on how it may relate. But, yeah, this role would be in close to Mesa. It would be three days a week in the office. There's not really a preference on days. I think the team is pretty, like, flexible with that. If you prefer certain days to be in. But in the beginning, it was likely being closer to four days a week in office, just like while you're training and, you know, getting the hang of things. And then typical business hours for this role, 40 hours a week. Wouldn't expect a ton of, like, overtime or, like, anything like that. But, you know, obviously it is a salary role, so it is possible. You know, you know, as things come up. Yeah. So BF obviously has, like, many corporate offices and store locations for a brand, and every time we, we have a, like, a lease renewal, we have to create a financial model, obviously. So this role will really be kind of spearheading the financial modeling for our upcoming real estate renewals and new store openings as well. So within that, you would be pulling together data to create these models like p l current rent terms, capital Investments, new rent terms, fixed assets, co-tenant sales, and also just some additional complexities within that for new store openings, such as looking at, like, demographics, predicting sales, all that kind of stuff. So this role is really, like, highly investigative, and it uses historical data to help with sales and expense forecasting and helping the company make sound business decisions, obviously, when it comes to our real estate. So for this team, that reports into the senior manager of retail real estate analytics. So it would just be you and your leader on this team. So you're the only two finance people within the real estate team. So you'd be getting really good exposure in this role. You know, you would work with a lot of different teams and kind of be able to put a lot of different areas of the business within, like, the real estate and, like, finance Arena, which, honestly, I think is kind of cool, especially for where you're at right now, because, you know, with that, like, exposure to different teams, if you are looking to grow into a different area or, like, kind of move into a different area of the business, you kind of already would have those relationships then. So it's kind of has a good opportunity to grow in this role. So. After. Kind of hearing. All that. Does that sound like something you would be interested in? I mean, already, that actually sounds really, really interesting. That is something I'm definitely interested. The only thing I'm a little bit worried about is what would the training and just, like, the onboarding process look like? I don't want to, like, kind of get in and over my head and not know, you know, if you don't understand what I'm saying. Yeah. So. So, yeah. I mean, it would just really be you and your leader on this team. So a lot of the training would be done by him. And he seems great. I, this is my first time working with him, honestly, but just my conversations with him, he seems like a nice guy. Seems pretty chill, but he, yeah, it would kind of be the two of you working through this with each other. So I think, like, you know, your first few, you would be working together on, like, financial modeling and things like that. And then afterwards, I would really be like your expertise and, you know, hugely leaning on you for those things. So, yeah, I mean, does that answer your question? Yeah, no, it sounds, that sounds great. Yeah. Okay. Any, like, questions additionally about that role, and then we can kind of get into your background and how it may relate. Let me see. I feel like you did a pretty good job answering pretty much everything. Like, are you. Yeah. Okay. I'm sweet. So. I guess I'll. Just kind of go through, like, My typical. Like, phone interview questions just so it's, like, kind of consistent with, like, other candidates I talk to. But I, I know that we had talked about that you hadn't seen this decision before and, like, we're already kind of have your interest peaked. So I guess when we do interested in looking at this role originally. Yeah. I mean, it just, well, first off, the location I love. Costa mesa is one of the areas that I'm really looking at. And then also the financial financial financial analyst role is one of the roles that really just fits my background and experience. It's definitely what I'm applying for and what I'm looking to do. And then overall, though, what really draws me to this role is VF itself, the company. I love North Face. I, I use pretty much all of your brands almost every single day, like north face smart wool Vans, grew up skateboarding and skiing. So I love, I love the brand, and it'd be really fun to be able to contribute and be a part of the team. For sure. And honestly, that's, like, one of the things that, like, this leader is. Really looking for is, like, somebody who's passionate about the brands. So if we were to, like, move forward with a hiring manager interview, definitely make note of that. I'll give you all the inside scoop. Thank you. Yeah. So he is really looking for somebody who, like. He thinks that that, like, really makes a difference in the work that people, like, do is, like, you know, obviously being passionate about the things that they're working towards. So. So, yeah, that's great to hear. And obviously, I kind of already knew that with our conversation previously, so that's good. Awesome. Okay, so I have your LinkedIn pulled up here, and my next question would typically be, like, let's, like, go through, like, your background a little bit, like, talk about your, like, prior work history. So can you just kind of chat through things that you've done previously, like high level overview of, like, positions that you've had and what you did there? Yeah, of course. So going through, I'll just kind of go through my LinkedIn along with you. So I'll start with the most recent, which was my job with sap. I did royalty management, basically accounting and, like, third party. Oh, my gosh. I'm blinking right now. Yeah. Sorry. Reconciliation. That's the word, like, expense royalty expense, reconciliation and royalty management for third parties. Just worked a lot with the sap systems, mostly on the internal side. And it was really just, it was like basically audit. I was just making sure that all of the finances lined up, and we were preparing them for. And I can't talk a ton about what I actually did on the day-to-day because it's still under NDA, but that's basically the gist of what I did. Yeah. A lot of. A lot of reading contracts and matching to make sure the numbers looked right. Okay. And then how long were you there. For? It was a six month contract. So I was there from January to July of last year. Okay. And then. After. That, is that when you move. D or where were you, was this located there? That was actually in Prague. Yes, it was the prog office. So the language barrier was very fun, too. Oh, I'd imagine. Okay, cool. All right. What other positions have you had in the past? Sure. Yeah. So then I. I did an internship summer 2023 in Tokyo in Japan. It was basically a consulting internship. It was a company called yokosukalaland corp. It's a smaller company outside of Tokyo. And really what I did is I came in and kind of just learned about everything that they do. They work with a lot of, like, actually own quite a few international schools, and they are working with, like, this amusement park and a couple other things. And basically, I just went in, I learned as much as I could about the, about what they do, and then I wrote them, like, in-depth report just giving my recommendations. And I thought they could do better and what they're doing well and all of that. Now it's, it was really, I was pretty much it. So I was most of that internship. And how long were you there for it? Three months. So, like, June to August. Okay, great. All right. Anything. Else? Yeah. And then my last one. So I interned for a company for a couple years. It was. I did it during the summers. From May of 2021 until 2023 before I went to Tokyo. And really what I did, it was a company called farm box foods, and they were a company that would retrofit shipping containers so that they could grow vertical hydrotic farms. And then they also do, like, mushroom farms for, like, lion's mane and stuff like that. And then they also had a fodder farm, which was for, like, livestock and animals, and then they could ship them around the world because they're in these shipping containers. And it was really convenient. But, yeah, so I did. I was basically their intern there, so there was a small company when I first, when I first started there. So I was kind of all over the place. I was doing some operations. I was doing finance. I was doing some other accounting. Like, I was going over all their books and things. So I was really, really everywhere. So I have a lot of startup experience and just experience with the smaller company as well. Okay, cool. And then that one you were at a little bit longer term. Is that right? Yeah, I was there for. It was two Summers because I just. I would do it in the summers while I had school off. So. Okay. Yeah. Okay, cool. Is there any other, like. Experience. That you want to. Chat through? And you want me to add? I mean, professional experience, like job wise, I don't think there's anything really that relevant necessarily. Okay. I have, like, educational backgrounds and things like that, but I'm not sure if that's what you're looking for. Maybe if you just want to chat through, like, your experience. I know you mentioned, like, commercial real estate is kind of like been a part of your life. So can you talk about that a little bit? Yeah, sure. So my dad, he works in commercial real estate. He's been in it for as long as I've been alive. So over 25 years, he works for first industrial, and I've just grown up, you know, kind of in that world. Like, I actually was on the phone with someone who worked at maple tree a couple days ago. We were talking just about rolls of maple tree and kind of similar thing as to this role kind of like the. They were just talking about real estate experience. But, yeah, so I know I'm just saying, like, brokerage and how lease accounting works. Like, I've taken accounting classes so I know how lease accounting works, and I understand how Brokerage works and how. How, like, square footage, like, how to calculate square footage in price per square foot. And, I mean, I could go on and on. I'm just trying to think of, like, better examples. Sorry. Yeah. No, it's okay. But, yeah, so, like, I know the basic Lego, and I know. I know the. The gist, like the basics of it. Great. Yeah. No, that's great. I I think, like, one thing that we've run into with this position is, like, people either have, like, heavy real estate background or heavy Financial background, but they don't really have the link to both. So that's great that you kind of have, like, just, like, some foundational understanding and have taken lease accounting classes, because I know that that's something that he was ideally looking for, so that's great. Did you apply for this role? I have not yet. No. Okay. Sounds good. I just wanted to make sure I didn't. Bypass your resume in there. There's a lot of applications that come through, especially for, like, any kind of type of analyst position, like, especially, like, a lot from, like, overseas and stuff, too. So I want to make sure that if you did apply, kind of keep an eye on it. Yeah, of course. Okay. Sweet. Let's see. Can you talk about, like, a financial model that you built from start to finish? Sure. Yeah. Let me think. Trying to think of a good example. I've done quite a few. Yeah. Take your time. I think. I think the best example would be we had to do evaluation of a company. So we did. I'm trying to remember what the name of the company was. I think it was. It's a German. Hold on. It's a German military company. This is killing me. I can't remember. Yeah. Rheinmetal is what it's called. So we did the. We did evaluation of Rheinmetall, and we basically just went start to finish. We did, like, all of the, like, everything that you could possibly need to do. We do all the projections, the forecasting, just the sheer valuation. And then we had to basically decide. We were basically the whole point of the project was to decide if a company that was coming in to buy Rheinmetall out if they. If it was a good or bad investment for the company. And it was basically like kind of a consulting, like, third party coming in and really just going over all the financial data and seeing how healthy the company is and Etc. Awesome. All right. In. Your past, like, Roles or in school. Have you used, like, historical data in the past to forecast for future performance or anything? Yeah, of course. I mean, the example I was just talking about, we use historical data for forecasting all that. And then I'm actually, I'd love to trade. It's like one of my big passions. Like, I love trade on the market. And I, we make, me and my buddy, we've been making these machine learning trading algorithms, and we use historical data. We use, it's actually my master's thesis. What I'm, this is what I'm doing it on. So I'm using. Yeah. Historical sentiment data, which is like, like positive or negative news, like from the new sources. But I'm also using, I'm going back and getting all the historical. Financial data, and I'm basically comparing the share price to what the, like, with the actual share price to what the book value of the share price would be just from the financial data and then seeing where the gaps are. And then it's, it's a whole thing. I can go, like, I could talk about this for hours. Yes. Yeah. So I do have experience using historical data. All right. So, like I mentioned, this role is really highly. Analytical. It needs to. Kind of dig into data and. Use investigative skills to make the best decisions for the business. So can you talk about a time, something maybe didn't look right in the data and how you use your investigative skills to resolve that? Yeah. I think for a second. Yeah. Take your time. Yeah, it was another one. It was another actual valuation that we were doing. It was for, it was like a Brazilian oil company. It was a random company that we were doing it for. And I'm not sure if you're familiar with whack, but we could not figure out why our WAC calculation was just complete. Like, we were super off. We were getting the crazy readings that, that shouldn't have been happening. And so we had to dig back, basically start back over from scratch and just work our way backwards and really figure out, like, what was going on. And we eventually did end up finding it out. It was just our equity and debt weights that were a little bit off. But, yeah, so that was just a good example of having to dig back just truly following the numbers and making sure everything was all right. Okay. Great. In any of their previous roles, can you talk about, like, a process that you maybe improved or made more efficient? I know that that's a kind of a big one for him specifically because he's obviously been doing this role and now is busier taking on other things. So really kind of looking for someone to, like, come in and, like, look at processes and see how they can be, you know, changed for the better. So do you have any experience doing that at all? Yeah, of course. I mean, so actually, a good example, this is when I was at farm box foods, one of my, my first big real internship. They were still like, I'm trying to think of, like, the best way to describe this. They were still basically, like, sending out, like, Mass emails, like, by hand every week. So what I did is I help them automate that system. And so they just have to type out one, and then it would, like, they would automatically change the names and personalize them a little bit and then send on a timer, like once a week. Like each individual company. Yeah. All right. Cool. In. Terms of system. S, I know you mentioned. Excel. You're really comfortable in. Have you done, like, Advanced formulas? Automations, VLOOKUPs, X lookups, things like that? Yeah, of course. Like X lookup VLOOKUPELS, all the Excel functions. I mean, I, I'd be, I'd be more surprised if there was something in Excel that I haven't seen before or used before. And if I haven't, then I, I could learn very quickly. A little bit of experience in macros, not a ton, but I have used them. And, I mean, yeah, like automation kind of goes with that. Great. Sounds good. And then. My next question is, have you worked within sap? I'm assuming so. Yes, I have not, not actually, not as much as you'd imagine, actually, because I was more on the internal side, but I have, I am familiar with sap. Okay. Great. All right. And then what about power bi? How comfortable are you within there? I'm sorry. Could you repeat the question? Yeah. How comfortable are you within, like, power bi? Power bi. I'm not sure if I've ever heard of power bi. Yeah. So power bi is basically like a. I don't know how to explain it. It tastes like a tool that can, like, create dashboards and, like, show visualizations for data. Oh, okay. I'm looking it up right now. Okay, I see. It's like a kind of like a tableau. If you've ever used tableau. I have used it in the past, but I'm not. I'm not a ton. I actually. So what I normally do is I just use python or excel even to make the charts, but I see. Yeah. Yeah. So. Okay. Yeah, I'm sure. I mean, I'm not familiar with it, but I'm sure I could learn it relatively fast. Yeah. And that's not a deal breaker or anything. It's not something you would use, like, a ton in this role. It's just kind of, like, helpful if you, you know, have. I'm sure you would use it here and there for different things. Yeah, but definitely Excel is where you would probably be spending most of your time in this role. So just adds up. Okay. What else? I think I have a pretty good understanding when you talk about, like, these projects that you've done, like, for different valuations and things. Was this during school or was that for, like, different, like, companies that you've worked for? It was mostly just for school for the most part. Yeah. I've only done, I mean, with sap, it was, we were looking at the financial data, but we weren't really forecasting. So it was, like, not as much modeling. Or very basic modeling if we were. And then right now. Currently, you are. In school, you don't have any additional, like, internship or job right now. Right now, right now, I'm just. I've got my master's thesis taking up most of my time, so I'm just finishing up. Yeah, I'd imagine. Okay. And then. For your. Thesis, you had mentioned this was more. Sorry, I'm just going back here. About, like, trade algorithms. Was that right? Yes. Trade algorithms and just, I guess, like, predicting, or I guess identifying when a stock is going to go up or down, like, before it does, really. It's like prediction. Like, it's. There's, like, more of a micro and a macro scale to it. Okay. Sweet. In terms of. Like, compensation wise. So they're really looking between the area of, like, 73,000 to, like, 91,000. For this role starting out. Does that fit at all within your compensation expectations, or what are you looking for? Yeah. I mean, that fits. That fits great. Yeah. I mean, california is a little bit more expensive, obviously, so maybe towards, like, the mid upper side of that range just to be able to survive, but with rent. But. I'm not picky. It's my first, like, I'm not picking at all. Okay. Yeah, you just need a job. I get it. For sure. Okay. Perfect. And then. In terms of, like, bonus, just like to give you some extra insight here. So we do have a bonus program, and it's based on how, like, you and the company perform. So it's not, like, necessarily like. It's not like a commission space or anything like that. It's really, like, company performance. So your target bonus would be seven and a half percent of your salary, and it could be more than that or less than that based on how you and the company perform. So that's typically paid out in, like, the dune time frame. Okay. And then in terms of, like, benefits and stuff, just to give you some additional insight here, benefits, we have, like, medical, dental vision, really, all of the, like, you know, health benefits that you would be looking for. VFOs to have really good, like, additional benefits in terms of, like, time off and things. Like, we have, like, you would have 15 days of a crew paid vacation, and then five days of sick time to use each calendar year. And then in addition to that, we also, like, are big on, like, volunteering for all of our brands. So you would have, like, 40 hours to use for volunteering in the community each year. We have, like, paid maternity and paternity leave. So if you're looking at, like, having kids down the line or adopting or anything like that, it's eight weeks of full pay for paternity leave. And then we also have a 401k company match that's dollar for dollar up to six percent. Those are the ones off the top of my head. Are there any other, like, benefits or anything that you're curious about? Yeah, I don't. I'm not sure if you mentioned it or not, but health insurance. The other one. Yeah. Yeah. So we have, like, a full comprehensive package for health insurance. So, yeah, medical, dental vision, really all of that would be included. Okay, awesome. All right. I think that's really all I have. I know we talked about this specific position quite a bit, but is there any other, like, positions that you want me to, like, keep an eye out for you for? Yeah. I mean, really, this, like, the whole, this call was really just a networking call, and I'm, like, very, like, thank you so much for everything. Yeah. Just keep my, keep my name in mind, and I'd love to be able to send you my resume. Maybe you did. Yeah, please do. Yeah. Send me your. Resume. I can text you my email after this, and then you can send that over. And then if you did, if, like, after kind of fearing a little bit. More about this real estate role, are you still interested in that. Role? Or do you want me to kind of. Be. Fielding other. Opportunities for you? Like. I will do that in addition anyways. But, like, does the real estate position sound interesting to you? I mean, yes, no, of course. Like, it sounds extremely interesting. I'd love to move forward with it and see just if anything comes of it. I'm not, I'm not 100 sure if I'm the right fit, but I'd love to. I mean, I love the try, but, yeah, I'd also love to keep exploring and see what else there is within the F. I mean, the company itself is amazing. So I'd love the opportunity to join. Okay, great. Well, yeah, basically what elders from here, like I said, I'll send you my emails, and then you can send me your resume. And then if you wanted to, like, submit a quick application into that rec, feel free to. And then from here, I will connect with a hiring manager and see, you know, where we're landing with other candidates and things, and if we want to move forward with zoom interview with you in that hiring manager. And then from there, we can just see how it goes. And then in addition to that, like I said, I don't really hire a ton for, like, accounting and finance anymore, but I know people who do, so I could definitely, you know, pass your resume around and see if there's anyone that would be interested in moving forward with an interview for their positions as well. Yeah, that would be amazing. And, yeah, that'd be amazing. Thank you. Okay, sweet. Okay. Sounds good. So, yeah, I will send you my. Email here shortly. And then if you have any other questions or there's any other rules that you're looking at that you, like, want me to put in a word for you, let me know. But hopefully we can find something for you. And, I mean, even if it's, like, not here, you know, I I hope that we're able to find you something in an area that you want to be in. Yeah. No, thank you so much for meeting with me. And, yeah, I'm excited to. Hopefully we'll find something sooner than later. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. And then you said July is when you're coming back, correct? Yeah, I should be home mid, late July. Okay, sweet. Okay. Sounds good. Well, yeah, we'll stay on pause. I'll keep you posted on what I hear. And then, like I said, if you have any other questions in the meantime or, like, you know, additionally, I'm happy to help, like, whether it's her VF or not. Like, I do, like, a lot of, like, resume reviews and things like that. So I'm happy to help in any capacity I can. Yeah. I mean, that'd be amazing. I seriously, I cannot thank you again, slight, for your help. This is amazing. Yeah. No, absolutely. Anybody that I drink with Yellowstone Pub with is a friend of mine, you know? All right, sounds good. Well, like I said, feel. Free to reach out if I need to thumbs up, but otherwise we'll stay in touch here. And then I will be back in touch soon. All right, well, thank you so much. And, yeah, I look forward to talking to you soon. All right. Thanks, John. Have a good rest of your day. All right, you too. Bye. 